
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.331983                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                331983348000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               331985059000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  35285                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    35285                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11150255                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750616                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29773.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1050571746                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1050571746                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        60480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      5039808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5100288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        60480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           60480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2332736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2332736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        78747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 79692                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           36449                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                36449                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       182178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     15180906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15363084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       182178                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             182178                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           7026666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                7026666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           7026666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       182178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     15180906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               22389750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         79692                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        36449                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         116141                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      5100288                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2332736                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                5100288                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2332736                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       22                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4893                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4821                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4800                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  4941                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  5255                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  5184                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4897                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4806                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  5024                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  4988                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 5149                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4956                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 5042                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 5027                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 4962                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4925                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2226                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2205                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2183                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2263                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2243                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2275                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2336                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2207                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2309                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2323                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2293                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2238                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2326                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2355                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2343                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2324                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    331983061500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   79692                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  36449                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     60893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12279                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      604.619920                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     254.527860                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1157.776904                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           3482     28.36%     28.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1607     13.09%     41.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1177      9.59%     51.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          918      7.48%     58.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          699      5.69%     64.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          462      3.76%     67.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          411      3.35%     71.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          313      2.55%     73.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          181      1.47%     75.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          155      1.26%     76.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          142      1.16%     77.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          137      1.12%     78.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          113      0.92%     79.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          118      0.96%     80.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          116      0.94%     81.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          157      1.28%     82.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          115      0.94%     83.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           94      0.77%     84.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           75      0.61%     85.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          199      1.62%     86.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           72      0.59%     87.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           60      0.49%     87.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          435      3.54%     91.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          363      2.96%     94.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           42      0.34%     94.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           31      0.25%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           21      0.17%     95.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           20      0.16%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           24      0.20%     95.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            9      0.07%     95.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            8      0.07%     95.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           12      0.10%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           15      0.12%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           10      0.08%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            7      0.06%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           13      0.11%     96.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            5      0.04%     96.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           10      0.08%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           11      0.09%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            8      0.07%     96.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.02%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            4      0.03%     96.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            9      0.07%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            9      0.07%     96.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           11      0.09%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            4      0.03%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.02%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           11      0.09%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            7      0.06%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            6      0.05%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            3      0.02%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            7      0.06%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.02%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            7      0.06%     97.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            3      0.02%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            9      0.07%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            3      0.02%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            4      0.03%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.02%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            3      0.02%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            6      0.05%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            4      0.03%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            5      0.04%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           12      0.10%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            7      0.06%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            5      0.04%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            7      0.06%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            4      0.03%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            4      0.03%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.01%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            3      0.02%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            8      0.07%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            7      0.06%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            4      0.03%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            7      0.06%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            8      0.07%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.01%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.01%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            3      0.02%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            4      0.03%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            2      0.02%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            5      0.04%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            2      0.02%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            3      0.02%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.01%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            4      0.03%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            3      0.02%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            3      0.02%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.01%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            5      0.04%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            4      0.03%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            3      0.02%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.02%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.01%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            2      0.02%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.02%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            3      0.02%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.01%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.02%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            4      0.03%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.01%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.01%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            4      0.03%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            2      0.02%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.01%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.01%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            2      0.02%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            2      0.02%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.01%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.01%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            6      0.05%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            2      0.02%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            3      0.02%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            4      0.03%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.01%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            4      0.03%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            2      0.02%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            6      0.05%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          114      0.93%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            1      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8512-8513            2      0.02%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            1      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8896-8897            1      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9664-9665            1      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9729            1      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9856-9857            1      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-9985            1      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10241            1      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10688-10689            1      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12279                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      667223250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2057388250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    398350000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   991815000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8374.84                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12449.04                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25823.88                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          15.36                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           7.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  15.36                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   7.03                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.94                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      74258                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     29565                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  81.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      2858448.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     22389750                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               41937                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              41937                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             36449                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             37755                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            37755                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       195833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        195833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      7433024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    7433024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                7433024                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           203866500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          377936750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       131022434                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    104762324                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      1572655                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     87311424                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        81546372                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     93.397139                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         7101578                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         7512                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            311538567                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1231                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        311539798                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           141963319                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4692                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       141968011                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            453501886                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5923                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        453507809                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           131796456                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               575                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       131797031                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               252118                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                663969398                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    132810195                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             1153341826                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           131022434                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     88647950                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             202295602                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        12186822                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      314920379                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          110                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        12489                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         131796456                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        569126                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    660349826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.746562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.959103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        458054224     69.37%     69.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         14019451      2.12%     71.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         15783099      2.39%     73.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         21171356      3.21%     77.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         15826675      2.40%     79.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         19962080      3.02%     82.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         14796882      2.24%     84.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         13544755      2.05%     86.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         87191304     13.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    660349826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.197332                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.737041                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        163005774                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     285821283                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         176416966                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      24813860                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       10291942                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     14981857                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred         19127                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     1147121150                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1185                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       10291942                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        180133111                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        61102564                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    115133387                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         183208067                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     110480754                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     1139662855                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       26971194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      69910267                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    859010152                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1607249596                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1596692481                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10557115                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     796530822                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         62479330                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3104007                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       756492                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         233507783                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    317964501                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    146291522                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    102239312                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     35397093                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         1120924885                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1260795                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        1092870512                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       922602                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     70259275                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     50476292                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          136                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    660349826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.654987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.719916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214079027     32.42%     32.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    158370163     23.98%     56.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    113515743     17.19%     73.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     78020764     11.82%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     46509160      7.04%     92.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     27049168      4.10%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     11171229      1.69%     98.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7979859      1.21%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3654713      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    660349826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         1954046     23.34%     23.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           6785      0.08%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            28      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        5092467     60.82%     84.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1319523     15.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       252100      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     622528386     56.96%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     11593034      1.06%     58.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1632551      0.15%     58.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       462392      0.04%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       389764      0.04%     58.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        83334      0.01%     58.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       103219      0.01%     58.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        79111      0.01%     58.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    313365323     28.67%     86.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    142381298     13.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     1092870512                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.645965                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             8372889                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   2843010775                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1185629217                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1081602514                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     12375566                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      7118427                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5995940                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1094651642                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         6339659                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     84216296                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     22021760                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       163731                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       312602                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      8113245                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       579349                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        55586                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       10291942                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        15513055                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       4923422                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1132848498                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       109772                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     317964501                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    146291522                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       756475                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        3820044                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          4138                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       312602                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174641                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       415526                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      1590167                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    1090769346                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     311539800                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2101166                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              10662818                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            453507811                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        125131244                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          141968011                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.642801                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             1088483692                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            1087598454                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         743276500                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         877862482                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.638025                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.846689                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     73033462                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1260659                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1553549                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    650057884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.631300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.665015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    327951645     50.45%     50.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    163145607     25.10%     75.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     39827243      6.13%     81.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     13361892      2.06%     83.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     10309935      1.59%     85.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      5383269      0.83%     86.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3986769      0.61%     86.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3255439      0.50%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     82836085     12.74%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    650057884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1060439221                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     1060439221                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              434121018                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             295942741                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              504269                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          122049722                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            5451078                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1035008272                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      6715163                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      82836085                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1700682002                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          2277257793                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  121872                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3619572                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1050568355                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1050568355                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    1050568355                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.632010                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.632010                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.582254                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.582254                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1541724885                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       825246796                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           6275918                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2985620                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         3029493                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        1008540                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     71746                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8160.602457                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    21358981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     79669                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    268.096512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1324.601958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    96.197181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6739.665520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.108310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.029489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.161695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.011743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.822713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13227661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                13227664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          8168935                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               8168935                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3276035                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3276035                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      16503696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 16503699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     16503696                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                16503699                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        40992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 41938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        37755                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               37755                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        78747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  79693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        78747                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 79693                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2582765750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2648013750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2715247500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2715247500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5298013250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5363261250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5298013250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5363261250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13268653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            13269602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8168935                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           8168935                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3313790                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3313790                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16582443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             16583392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16582443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            16583392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.003160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011393                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.011393                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.004806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.004806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68972.515856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63006.580552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63141.154800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71917.560588                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71917.560588                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68972.515856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67278.921737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67299.025636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68972.515856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67278.921737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67299.025636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                36449                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     36449                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        40992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            41938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        37755                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          37755                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        78747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             79693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        78747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            79693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54391000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2112028250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2166419250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2281584500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2281584500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4393612750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4448003750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54391000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4393612750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4448003750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.004806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.004806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57495.771670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51522.937402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51657.667271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60431.320355                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60431.320355                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57495.771670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55794.033423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55814.233998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57495.771670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55794.033423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55814.233998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  4771772059                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           13269602                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13269601                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          8168935                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3313790                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3313790                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     41333821                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     41335718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side   1584088192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                1584148864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1584148864                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20545098500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1653249                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       24892748750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               625                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           506.056313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           131798192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          115917.495163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      331981823250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   467.616761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    38.439552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.913314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.075077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131794977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       131794977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131794977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        131794977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131794977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       131794977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99564249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99564249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99564249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99564249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99564249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99564249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    131796456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    131796456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    131796456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    131796456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    131796456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    131796456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67318.626775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67318.626775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67318.626775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67318.626775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67318.626775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67318.626775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          530                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          530                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66229751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66229751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66229751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66229751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66229751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66229751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69788.989463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69788.989463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69788.989463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69788.989463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69788.989463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69788.989463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16582010                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           508.748466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           323607649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16582521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             19.514985                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   508.744754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.003712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.993642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    196411021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       196411021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    126195910                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      126195910                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       495807                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       495807                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       504269                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       504269                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    322606931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        322606931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    322606931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       322606931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     29786692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      29786692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11478098                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     11478098                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8463                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8463                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     41264790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       41264790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     41264790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      41264790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 330176530250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 330176530250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 163998811720                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 163998811720                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114477250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    114477250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 494175341970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 494175341970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 494175341970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 494175341970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    226197713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    226197713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    137674008                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    137674008                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       504270                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       504270                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       504269                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       504269                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    363871721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    363871721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    363871721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    363871721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.131684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.131684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083372                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.083372                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016783                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.016783                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.113405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.113405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.113405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.113405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11084.699511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11084.699511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14287.978001                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14287.978001                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13526.793099                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13526.793099                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11975.714452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11975.714452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11975.714452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11975.714452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       904437                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             43546                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.769692                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8168935                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8168935                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16517741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     16517741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8164609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      8164609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         8460                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         8460                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     24682350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     24682350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     24682350                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     24682350                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13268951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13268951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3313489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3313489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16582440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16582440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16582440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16582440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 152415169000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 152415169000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40280211248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40280211248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        54000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        54000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 192695380248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 192695380248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 192695380248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 192695380248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024068                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024068                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11486.602747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11486.602747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12156.434275                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12156.434275                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        18000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11620.447910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11620.447910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11620.447910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11620.447910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
