
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.124515                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                124514609000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               124516320000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26266                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    26266                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8489933                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750452                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14666.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   385217330                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     385217330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        58624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       525504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               584128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        58624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           58624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        35712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total             35712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         8211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  9127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks             558                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                  558                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       470820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      4220420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 4691241                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       470820                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             470820                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            286810                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 286810                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            286810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       470820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      4220420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4978050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          9127                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                          558                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           9685                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       584128                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                     35712                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 584128                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                  35712                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       19                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   406                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   527                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   396                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   465                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   724                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   597                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   807                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   850                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   583                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   543                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  577                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  549                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  506                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  561                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  604                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  413                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     4                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    54                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   173                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                    83                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     7                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                    15                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    7                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   17                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   35                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   72                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                   75                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    124514295000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    9127                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                    558                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      4161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2011                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1597                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1319.605996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     260.375125                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2592.565664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            199     42.61%     42.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           53     11.35%     53.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           31      6.64%     60.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           16      3.43%     64.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           14      3.00%     67.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           10      2.14%     69.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            8      1.71%     70.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            8      1.71%     72.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            6      1.28%     73.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            5      1.07%     74.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            7      1.50%     76.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            4      0.86%     77.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            3      0.64%     77.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            5      1.07%     79.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            1      0.21%     79.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            2      0.43%     79.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            3      0.64%     80.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            1      0.21%     80.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            2      0.43%     80.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            2      0.43%     81.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            1      0.21%     81.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            2      0.43%     82.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            2      0.43%     82.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            1      0.21%     82.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            1      0.21%     82.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            3      0.64%     83.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.21%     83.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            1      0.21%     83.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.21%     84.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            3      0.64%     84.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.21%     85.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.21%     85.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.21%     85.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.21%     85.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.43%     86.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.21%     86.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            3      0.64%     86.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.21%     87.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.43%     87.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.21%     87.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.21%     88.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.43%     88.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.21%     88.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.21%     88.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.43%     89.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           50     10.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       77521250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 193571250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     45540000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    70510000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8511.34                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     7741.55                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21252.88                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.69                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   4.69                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.29                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.11                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       8794                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                       399                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   96.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  71.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     12856406.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      4978050                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2379                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2379                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               558                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6748                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6748                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        18812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         18812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       619840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     619840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 619840                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             7074500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43324250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        50100002                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     39866030                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       639318                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     37237020                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        30786420                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     82.676917                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2804740                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         8980                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            112414641                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                324                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        112414965                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            53256382                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2290                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        53258672                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            165671023                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2614                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        165673637                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            49466994                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               602                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        49467596                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                97038                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                249030207                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     49954387                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              428459279                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            50100002                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     33591160                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              75552849                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         5141681                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      118786449                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           93                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        13164                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          49466994                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        231738                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    248648914                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.723150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.940795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        173096065     69.61%     69.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5372291      2.16%     71.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6099593      2.45%     74.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          7815777      3.14%     77.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          6010360      2.42%     79.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          7452426      3.00%     82.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          5487655      2.21%     84.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5307005      2.13%     87.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         32007742     12.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    248648914                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.201180                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.720511                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         61162772                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     108079228                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          66154031                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8918293                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4334589                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      5836783                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          7390                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      425523809                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1210                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4334589                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         67604748                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        23189690                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     43789670                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          68300465                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      41429751                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      422510437                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents             8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       10770463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      25671228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    316138072                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     595191306                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    591109458                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      4081848                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     290248948                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         25889124                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1250821                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       291265                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          86718877                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    114936516                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     55036201                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     36480243                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13703302                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          414962851                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       485427                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         403314014                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       367013                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     29292626                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     20832015                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          160                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    248648914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.622022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.718342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     82882923     33.33%     33.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     60602702     24.37%     57.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     41434954     16.66%     74.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     27838076     11.20%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     17281241      6.95%     92.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     10108352      4.07%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4203218      1.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2938440      1.18%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1359008      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    248648914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          774863     25.58%     25.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           3082      0.10%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            15      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1734913     57.28%     82.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        516142     17.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        97020      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     231585292     57.42%     57.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      3987179      0.99%     58.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       641730      0.16%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       181141      0.04%     58.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       150283      0.04%     58.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        35802      0.01%     58.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        37791      0.01%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        31839      0.01%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    113143242     28.05%     86.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     53422695     13.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      403314014                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.619539                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3029055                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007510                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1053859200                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    442117763                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    398807200                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      4813810                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2742591                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2336232                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      403782232                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         2463817                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     28798019                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8919901                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        75969                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       123379                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3729495                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       258956                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        64674                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4334589                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6366671                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1778171                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    419644923                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50818                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     114936516                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     55036201                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       291252                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1381542                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          2455                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       123379                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       431937                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       214526                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       646463                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     402472803                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     112414969                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       841211                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4196645                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            165673641                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         47524739                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           53258672                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.616161                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              401484166                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             401143432                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         270631625                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         322265047                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.610822                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.839780                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     30930756                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       485267                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       631949                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    244314325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.592295                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.636817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    124988238     51.16%     51.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     61193125     25.05%     76.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14676503      6.01%     82.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4674708      1.91%     84.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3822199      1.56%     85.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2029559      0.83%     86.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1557908      0.64%     87.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1310576      0.54%     87.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     30061509     12.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    244314325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    389020398                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      389020398                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              157323321                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             106016615                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              194113                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           46046647                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2134645                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         379201437                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2588595                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      30061509                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            634201630                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           844244663                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   36097                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  381293                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           385213939                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             385213939                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     385213939                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.646472                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.646472                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.546856                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.546856                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        568287554                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       302205649                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2451547                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1172226                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1168574                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         388227                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      1308                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7841.425409                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    10180229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      9109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                   1117.601164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6244.768478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   411.764474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1115.940673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         65.012163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          3.939621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.762301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.050264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.136223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.957205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5096928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5096984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5090355                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5090355                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1307784                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1307784                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            56                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       6404712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6404768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           56                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6404712                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6404768                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  2380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6748                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6748                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   9128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          917                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8211                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  9128                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62671750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     90322750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       152994500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    419103250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     419103250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62671750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    509426000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        572097750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62671750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    509426000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       572097750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5098391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5099364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5090355                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5090355                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1314532                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1314532                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6412923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              6413896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6412923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             6413896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.000467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005133                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.005133                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.001423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.001423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68344.329335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61738.038278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64283.403361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62107.772673                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62107.772673                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68344.329335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62041.895019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62675.038344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68344.329335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62041.895019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62675.038344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  558                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       558                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             2380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6748                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6748                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              9128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             9128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52145250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73533250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125678500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    341516750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    341516750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52145250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    415050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    467195250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52145250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    415050000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    467195250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.001423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.001423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56865.049073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50261.961722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52806.092437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50610.069650                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50610.069650                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56865.049073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50548.045305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51182.652279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56865.049073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50548.045305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51182.652279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  5913137470                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5099364                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5099363                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5090355                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1314532                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1314532                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     17916201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     17918146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        62208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    736209792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 736272000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             736272000                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        10842480500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              8.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1683499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        9621411250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               649                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.560765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            49468717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          42608.714040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      124512804250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   465.764696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    41.796069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.909697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.081633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49465502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        49465502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49465502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         49465502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49465502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        49465502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94328249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94328249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94328249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94328249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94328249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94328249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49466994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     49466994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49466994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     49466994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49466994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     49466994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63222.686997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63222.686997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63222.686997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63222.686997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63222.686997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63222.686997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    38.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          519                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          519                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64211001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64211001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64211001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64211001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64211001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64211001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65992.806783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65992.806783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65992.806783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65992.806783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65992.806783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65992.806783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6412500                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           496.593392                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           118669445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6413001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             18.504511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   496.583614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.009779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.969890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     71621456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        71621456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     46661878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       46661878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       191356                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       191356                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       194113                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       194113                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    118283334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        118283334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    118283334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       118283334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11484872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      11484872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4450715                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4450715                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2760                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2760                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     15935587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       15935587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     15935587                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      15935587                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 124915160000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 124915160000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  61708215446                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  61708215446                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37436000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     37436000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 186623375446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 186623375446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 186623375446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 186623375446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     83106328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     83106328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51112593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     51112593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       194116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       194116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       194113                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       194113                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    134218921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    134218921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    134218921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    134218921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.138195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.138195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.087077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014218                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014218                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.118728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.118728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.118728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.118728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10876.495620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10876.495620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13864.786994                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13864.786994                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13563.768116                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13563.768116                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11711.107689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11711.107689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11711.107689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11711.107689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       353951                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             57599                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     6.145089                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5090355                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5090355                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6386345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6386345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3136322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3136322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2757                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         2757                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9522667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      9522667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9522667                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      9522667                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5098527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5098527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1314393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1314393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6412920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6412920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6412920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6412920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57796936250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57796936250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15437781998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15437781998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73234718248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  73234718248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73234718248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  73234718248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025716                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025716                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11336.006704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11336.006704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11745.179713                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11745.179713                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11419.870862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11419.870862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11419.870862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11419.870862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
