
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.740416                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                740416065500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               740417776500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  62994                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    62994                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               20390694                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750260                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 36311.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287400180                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287400180                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        36352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       737728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               774080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        36352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           36352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       119360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            119360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11527                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 12095                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1865                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1865                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        49097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       996370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1045466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              49097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            161207                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 161207                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            161207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        49097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       996370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1206673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         12095                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1865                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          13960                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       774080                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    119360                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 774080                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 119360                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        6                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   884                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   529                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   523                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   688                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   850                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   576                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   890                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1320                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1177                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   663                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  551                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  593                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  602                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  710                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  994                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   151                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    36                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    26                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    23                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   183                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   426                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   346                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   138                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    9                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   49                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   39                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   35                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  142                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  254                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    740415829000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   12095                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1865                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1619.468124                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     362.924061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2805.656119                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            194     35.34%     35.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           50      9.11%     44.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           28      5.10%     49.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           23      4.19%     53.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           19      3.46%     57.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           14      2.55%     59.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            9      1.64%     61.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            6      1.09%     62.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            6      1.09%     63.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            2      0.36%     63.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            7      1.28%     65.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            1      0.18%     65.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            8      1.46%     66.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           11      2.00%     68.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           10      1.82%     70.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            5      0.91%     71.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            8      1.46%     73.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            2      0.36%     73.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            1      0.18%     73.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            8      1.46%     75.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            4      0.73%     75.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            5      0.91%     76.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            7      1.28%     77.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            3      0.55%     78.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            3      0.55%     79.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            3      0.55%     79.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            1      0.18%     79.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            1      0.18%     79.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            1      0.18%     80.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.18%     80.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            1      0.18%     80.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            2      0.36%     80.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            2      0.36%     81.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            1      0.18%     81.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            2      0.36%     81.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.18%     81.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            1      0.18%     82.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.18%     82.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.36%     82.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.18%     82.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            2      0.36%     83.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            1      0.18%     83.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.18%     83.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.18%     83.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.18%     83.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.18%     84.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.18%     84.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.18%     84.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.18%     84.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.18%     84.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            2      0.36%     85.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            2      0.36%     85.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.18%     85.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            2      0.36%     86.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.18%     86.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            1      0.18%     86.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.18%     86.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.18%     86.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.18%     87.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.18%     87.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.18%     87.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.18%     87.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.18%     87.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.18%     87.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.18%     88.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.18%     88.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.73%     89.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           54      9.84%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8832-8833            1      0.18%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10624-10625            2      0.36%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13056-13057            1      0.18%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13313            1      0.18%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13441            1      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       34320000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 264962500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     60445000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   170197500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2838.94                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14078.71                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21917.65                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.05                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.05                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.16                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         9.19                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11743                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1660                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  89.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     53038383.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1206673                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6228                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6228                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1865                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        26055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         26055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       893440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     893440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 893440                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            14440000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           57394500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77552848                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72536464                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4201437                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77273939                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        76993894                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.637595                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          266194                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           79                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100882184                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15147                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1100897331                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441293976                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1538                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441295514                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1542176160                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16685                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1542192845                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217773903                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               128                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217774031                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1480832131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    218083745                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2569783057                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77552848                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77260088                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357176022                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33148078                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      876561096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           86                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3375                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217773903                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         28812                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1480696812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.735523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.143942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1123520790     75.88%     75.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4475168      0.30%     76.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4244143      0.29%     76.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            42563      0.00%     76.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8696680      0.59%     77.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           548126      0.04%     77.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63503003      4.29%     81.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67184166      4.54%     85.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208482173     14.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1480696812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.052371                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.735364                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        341357048                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     757255701                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         133662505                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     219549371                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28872186                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4749754                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           311                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2538103233                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           960                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28872186                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        353440771                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       132048926                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15962284                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341812420                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     608560224                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2520173438                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            58                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          18233                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     604203438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967731664                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3599321753                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3594228877                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5092876                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1785233415                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182498249                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1053760                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        1000693025                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1150037721                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470430395                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641468132                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    317999352                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509803072                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          229                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2390469868                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        12016                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    222396452                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    194980267                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1480696812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.614422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.237767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    318004622     21.48%     21.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    413426556     27.92%     49.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    422746673     28.55%     77.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    183862327     12.42%     90.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    134009909      9.05%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8281002      0.56%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        50469      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       306507      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8747      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1480696812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14647      0.38%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          200      0.01%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             4      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         290033      7.59%      7.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3517862     92.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       523809      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     718221173     30.05%     30.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118514282      4.96%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1335544      0.06%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2225      0.00%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       791452      0.03%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11614      0.00%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262650      0.01%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1109235493     46.40%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441571626     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2390469868                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.614275                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3822746                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001599                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6257477246                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2728273712                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2377100854                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7994064                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4003186                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3996805                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2389771671                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3997134                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439378200                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106662322                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4290                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        77938                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41220786                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1044                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28872186                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        12533412                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2374076                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2510087741                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7214                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1150037721                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470430395                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          140                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          70341                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       1130562                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        77938                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4198766                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3111                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4201877                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2381796130                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1100897343                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8673738                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                284440                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1542192903                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         72995052                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441295560                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.608417                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2381151880                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2381097659                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1811755478                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1812747862                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.607946                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999453                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    222421800                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4201138                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1451824626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.575723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.303052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    612912251     42.22%     42.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    458315091     31.57%     73.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    134782019      9.28%     83.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9017948      0.62%     83.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       498104      0.03%     83.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62210636      4.28%     88.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     58493394      4.03%     92.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     56027375      3.86%     95.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     59567808      4.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1451824626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287673022                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287673022                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472585008                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043375399                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72695003                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3992430                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2281063202                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      59567808                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3902348455                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5049064726                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   55307                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  135319                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287396789                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287396789                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287396789                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.647388                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.647388                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.544670                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.544670                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3386819699                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1863655524                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2706101                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2674433                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          546921                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         262057                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4213                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8142.191181                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     2973822                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    241.518882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5580.613585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    41.882589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2519.598259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.077070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.019678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.681227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.005113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.307568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.993920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1652584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 1652584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          1327019                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               1327019                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        36159                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 36159                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       1688743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1688743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1688743                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1688743                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5867                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5867                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  12096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11527                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 12096                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41321500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    348299750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       389621250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    377171750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     377171750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41321500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    725471500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        766793000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41321500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    725471500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       766793000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1658244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1658813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1327019                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           1327019                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        42026                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             42026                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1700270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1700839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1700270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1700839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.003755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.139604                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.139604                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.007112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.007112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72621.265378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61537.058304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62549.566544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64286.986535                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64286.986535                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72621.265378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62936.713802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63392.278439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72621.265378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62936.713802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63392.278439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1865                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1865                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5867                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5867                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             12096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            12096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34797500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    283262250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    318059750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    309754250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    309754250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34797500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    593016500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    627814000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34797500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    593016500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    627814000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.139604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.007112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.007112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61155.536028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50046.333922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51061.125381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52796.020112                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52796.020112                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61155.536028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51445.866227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51902.612434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61155.536028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51445.866227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51902.612434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   261721560                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1658813                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1658812                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1327019                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            42026                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           42026                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1137                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      4727559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      4728696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        36352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    193746496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 193782848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             193782848                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2840948000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            990000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2553231000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               257                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           460.975324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217776278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               757                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          287683.326288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   337.966267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   123.009057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.660090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.240252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217773063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217773063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217773063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217773063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217773063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217773063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57745750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57745750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57745750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     57745750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57745750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     57745750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217773903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217773903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217773903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217773903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217773903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217773903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68744.940476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68744.940476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68744.940476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68744.940476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68744.940476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68744.940476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          271                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          271                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41891500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41891500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41891500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41891500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41891500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41891500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73623.022847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73623.022847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73623.022847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73623.022847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73623.022847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73623.022847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1700033                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           314.984672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1085437717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1700348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            638.362098                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   314.983008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.615201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.615204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    658152170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       658152170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    427284759                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      427284759                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1085436929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1085436929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1085436929                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1085436929                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3350819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       3350819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1924773                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1924773                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5275592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        5275592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5275592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       5275592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39719054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39719054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19395569622                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  19395569622                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       381000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       381000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  59114623622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  59114623622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  59114623622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  59114623622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661502989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661502989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429209532                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429209532                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090712521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090712521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090712521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090712521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004484                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004484                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.115385                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.115385                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11853.536106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11853.536106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10076.808861                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10076.808861                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42333.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42333.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11205.306176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11205.306176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11205.306176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11205.306176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7868                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               211                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    37.289100                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1327019                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1327019                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1691701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1691701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1883626                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1883626                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3575327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3575327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3575327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3575327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1659118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1659118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        41147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1700265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1700265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1700265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1700265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18667659750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18667659750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    774659249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    774659249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       187000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       187000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19442318999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19442318999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19442318999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19442318999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064103                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064103                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11251.556399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11251.556399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18826.627676                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18826.627676                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        37400                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        37400                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11434.875739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11434.875739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11434.875739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11434.875739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
