
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.016946                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16945784500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                16947495500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  22695                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    22695                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8265484                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750292                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2050.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    46529658                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      46529658                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       817600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               867200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       243008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            243008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        12775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 13550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            3797                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 3797                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      2926982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     48247988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51174969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2926982                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            2926982                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          14340322                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               14340322                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          14340322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      2926982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     48247988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               65515291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         13550                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         3797                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          17347                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       867200                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    243008                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 867200                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 243008                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        3                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   829                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   730                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   867                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   712                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   740                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   584                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   843                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1100                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1029                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   962                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 1058                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 1096                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  795                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  668                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  738                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  796                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   289                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                   220                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                   234                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                   215                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                   120                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                   109                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   246                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   353                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   328                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   297                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                  360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                  307                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                  166                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                  104                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  160                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  289                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     16945524500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   13550                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   3797                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      8543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         3128                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      354.578005                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     146.679867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     987.126927                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           1450     46.36%     46.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129          551     17.62%     63.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          271      8.66%     72.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          184      5.88%     78.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          126      4.03%     82.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           81      2.59%     85.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           58      1.85%     86.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           35      1.12%     88.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           35      1.12%     89.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           27      0.86%     90.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           23      0.74%     90.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           25      0.80%     91.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           23      0.74%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           30      0.96%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           18      0.58%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           15      0.48%     94.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           18      0.58%     94.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            8      0.26%     95.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            4      0.13%     95.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           10      0.32%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            4      0.13%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            8      0.26%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            9      0.29%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           10      0.32%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            6      0.19%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            5      0.16%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            1      0.03%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            2      0.06%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            5      0.16%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            3      0.10%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            3      0.10%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            2      0.06%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            3      0.10%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.03%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            2      0.06%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            3      0.10%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            2      0.06%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            4      0.13%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            2      0.06%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            2      0.06%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            1      0.03%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            1      0.03%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.03%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.03%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.10%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.06%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            2      0.06%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.03%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.03%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.03%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.03%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.03%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.03%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.03%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.03%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.03%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.03%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.06%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           36      1.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           3128                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      117957750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 349757750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     67735000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   164065000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8707.30                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12110.80                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25818.10                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          51.17                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          14.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  51.17                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  14.34                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.02                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.57                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      12305                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1909                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   90.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  50.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       976856.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     65515291                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              3797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8142                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8142                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        30897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         30897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      1110208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    1110208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                1110208                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            23861500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           64283250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         1237153                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      1174429                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        78602                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups       398715                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits          393393                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.665212                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           13999                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           86                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             21183975                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                401                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         21184376                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             6834688                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2201                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         6836889                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             28018663                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2602                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         28021265                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             3760828                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               127                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         3760955                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 33891569                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles      3868481                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               52237469                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             1237153                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches       407392                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles               6807405                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          737292                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       22061678                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           85                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3362                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3760828                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         11953                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     33374259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.565202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.146255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         26566854     79.60%     79.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           130351      0.39%     79.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           100804      0.30%     80.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            33176      0.10%     80.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            37197      0.11%     80.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            24701      0.07%     80.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            13506      0.04%     80.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           288707      0.87%     81.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6178963     18.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     33374259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.036503                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.541312                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          6766149                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      19215242                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           3818807                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2941133                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         632927                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        46695                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           335                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       51872240                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1049                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         632927                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          7485639                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         5460450                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1358197                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5953396                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12483649                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       51392065                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            35                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         324079                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      11967576                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     42912752                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      75011146                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     73994061                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1017085                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      38796682                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          4116070                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        55278                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          145                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          21636403                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22131800                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      7187824                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13940026                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3061516                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           51035143                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          249                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          48636406                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         5570                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      4475854                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3866749                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           61                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     33374259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.457303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      8011933     24.01%     24.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     12365381     37.05%     61.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6059399     18.16%     79.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4164267     12.48%     91.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2282129      6.84%     98.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       430324      1.29%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        47080      0.14%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13158      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          588      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     33374259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             455      0.15%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              8      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.01%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         295828     97.94%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          5713      1.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        22415      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      19629258     40.36%     40.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       443476      0.91%     41.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       276734      0.57%     41.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        26002      0.05%     41.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt        91963      0.19%     42.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        20354      0.04%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        21657      0.04%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21258729     43.71%     85.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6845818     14.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       48636406                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.435059                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              302044                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.006210                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    129679228                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     54732532                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47801312                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1275457                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       805163                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       627689                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       48277804                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          638231                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      8358665                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1909504                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4573                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        26659                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       500611                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2506                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         632927                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          149547                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          8967                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     51079563                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2335                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      22131800                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7187824                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          158                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           2901                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          1035                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        26659                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        23435                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55599                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        79034                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      48533919                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      21184380                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       102487                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 44171                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             28021269                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          1078498                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            6836889                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.432035                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               48483533                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              48429001                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          40151896                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          40842272                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.428939                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983097                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      4514188                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          188                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        78284                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     32741332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.422044                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.955872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10586641     32.33%     32.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13545549     41.37%     73.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4646845     14.19%     87.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       803907      2.46%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       557174      1.70%     92.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       369379      1.13%     93.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214563      0.66%     93.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       192501      0.59%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1824773      5.57%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     32741332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     46559620                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       46559620                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               26909509                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              20222296                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            1028708                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             574551                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          46165564                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        13719                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1824773                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             81985206                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           102781855                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    6260                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  517310                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            46526267                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              46526267                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total      46526267                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.728439                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.728439                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.372798                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.372798                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         70122067                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        40056927                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            626194                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           495837                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           26802                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          11364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      5641                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7105.109773                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       16030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     13542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.183725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5832.393146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   330.530973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   819.699285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         91.106800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         31.379569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.711962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.040348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.100061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.011121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.003831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.867323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    7411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16820                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16820                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3715                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  3715                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         11117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    11126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        11117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   11126                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  5409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8142                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8142                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        12775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  13551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        12775                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 13551                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54486500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    334485000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       388971500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    522950250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     522950250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54486500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    857435250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        911921750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54486500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    857435250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       911921750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        12035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               12820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16820                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16820                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11857                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11857                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                24677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               24677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.384961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.421919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.686683                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.686683                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.534698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.549135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.534698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.549135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70214.561856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72196.201166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71911.906082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64228.721444                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64228.721444                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70214.561856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67118.219178                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67295.531695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70214.561856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67118.219178                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67295.531695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3797                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3797                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             5409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8142                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           8142                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             13551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            13551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     45581500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    281301000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    326882500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    429372750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    429372750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     45581500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    710673750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    756255250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     45581500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    710673750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    756255250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.384961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.421919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.686683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.686683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.534698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.549135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.534698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.549135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58739.046392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60716.814159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60433.074505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52735.537951                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52735.537951                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58739.046392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55630.039139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55808.076895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58739.046392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55630.039139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55808.076895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   156720039                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              12820                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             12819                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            16820                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11857                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11857                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side        64604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                        66173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        50176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      2605568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   2655744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               2655744                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           37568500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1366000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          38950750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               464                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           486.003600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             3762876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               973                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           3867.292909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   403.401046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    82.602553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.787893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.161333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.949226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3759661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         3759661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3759661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          3759661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3759661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         3759661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78444750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78444750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78444750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78444750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78444750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78444750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3760828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3760828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3760828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      3760828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3760828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      3760828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67219.151671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67219.151671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67219.151671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67219.151671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67219.151671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67219.151671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55362500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55362500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55362500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55362500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55362500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55362500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70525.477707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70525.477707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70525.477707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70525.477707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70525.477707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70525.477707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             23463                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           505.778685                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            19428878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             23970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            810.549771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   505.706834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.071851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.987709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12792425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        12792425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6635660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6635660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     19428085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         19428085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     19428085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        19428085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        31698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         31698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        51474                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51474                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        83172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          83172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        83172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         83172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1147337750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1147337750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2596066116                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2596066116                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       171250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       171250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3743403866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3743403866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3743403866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3743403866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12824123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12824123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6687134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6687134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19511257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19511257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19511257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19511257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007697                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007697                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36195.903527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36195.903527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50434.512880                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50434.512880                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24464.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24464.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45007.981845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45007.981845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45007.981845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45007.981845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       122664                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1607                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    76.331052                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16820                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             16820                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        19665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        39618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        39618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        59283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        59283                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59283                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        23889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        23889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    420773250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    420773250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    571933000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    571933000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    992706250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    992706250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    992706250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    992706250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001773                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001773                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34968.274744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34968.274744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48239.962888                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48239.962888                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41554.952070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41554.952070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41554.952070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41554.952070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
