
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.056702                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56701640500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                56703351000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  35457                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    35457                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                7852112                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7221.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   256045201                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     256045201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      9520320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              9582656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4754304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           4754304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       148755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                149729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           74286                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                74286                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1099369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    167902020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               169001389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1099369                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1099369                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          83847733                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               83847733                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          83847733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1099369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    167902020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              252849122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        149730                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        74286                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         224016                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      9582656                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4754304                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                9582656                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                4754304                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       19                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  9652                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  9540                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  9489                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  9238                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  9388                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  9267                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  9263                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  9306                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  9243                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  9256                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 9262                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 9377                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 9415                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 9348                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 9268                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 9399                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  4613                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  4616                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  4656                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 4609                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 4675                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 4647                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 4614                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     56701610500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  149730                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  74286                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    149182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      3227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        11190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1277.020197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     569.874155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1966.385295                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           1588     14.19%     14.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129          978      8.74%     22.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          350      3.13%     26.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          225      2.01%     28.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          239      2.14%     30.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          241      2.15%     32.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          548      4.90%     37.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          927      8.28%     45.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          134      1.20%     46.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          126      1.13%     47.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          117      1.05%     48.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          122      1.09%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          112      1.00%     51.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          110      0.98%     51.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1177     10.52%     62.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          679      6.07%     68.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          134      1.20%     69.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          116      1.04%     70.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          109      0.97%     71.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          133      1.19%     72.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          126      1.13%     74.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          173      1.55%     75.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         1515     13.54%     89.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           50      0.45%     89.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           27      0.24%     89.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           23      0.21%     90.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            9      0.08%     90.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           12      0.11%     90.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           10      0.09%     90.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           15      0.13%     90.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           19      0.17%     90.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            7      0.06%     90.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            5      0.04%     90.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            6      0.05%     90.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            8      0.07%     90.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            8      0.07%     90.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            3      0.03%     90.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            5      0.04%     91.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            9      0.08%     91.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            7      0.06%     91.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            4      0.04%     91.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            7      0.06%     91.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            5      0.04%     91.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            5      0.04%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            6      0.05%     91.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           15      0.13%     91.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            4      0.04%     91.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            6      0.05%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.01%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            3      0.03%     91.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            5      0.04%     91.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            4      0.04%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           10      0.09%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            7      0.06%     91.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            4      0.04%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            3      0.03%     91.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            4      0.04%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            5      0.04%     92.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            5      0.04%     92.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            2      0.02%     92.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            7      0.06%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            3      0.03%     92.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            4      0.04%     92.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            2      0.02%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.01%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            4      0.04%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            4      0.04%     92.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            2      0.02%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           15      0.13%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            2      0.02%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            3      0.03%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            5      0.04%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            3      0.03%     92.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            4      0.04%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            3      0.03%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            5      0.04%     92.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            9      0.08%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            2      0.02%     92.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            2      0.02%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            5      0.04%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            3      0.03%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            4      0.04%     92.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.01%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            2      0.02%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            3      0.03%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.01%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            4      0.04%     93.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            3      0.03%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            2      0.02%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.01%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            4      0.04%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.01%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            2      0.02%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.01%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            5      0.04%     93.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            5      0.04%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.02%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.01%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            3      0.03%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.01%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            3      0.03%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.01%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            6      0.05%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            3      0.03%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            3      0.03%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            8      0.07%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.02%     93.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            7      0.06%     93.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.01%     93.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            8      0.07%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            2      0.02%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            5      0.04%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            6      0.05%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            5      0.04%     93.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            3      0.03%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            3      0.03%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            2      0.02%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            8      0.07%     93.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            4      0.04%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            4      0.04%     94.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            4      0.04%     94.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            5      0.04%     94.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            9      0.08%     94.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          647      5.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          11190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      122363750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                3059932500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    748555000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  2189013750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         817.33                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14621.60                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20438.93                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         169.00                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          83.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 169.00                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  83.85                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.77                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     142981                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     69807                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  93.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       253114.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    252847993                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               75383                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              75381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             74286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             74347                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            74347                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       373744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        373744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     14336896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   14336896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               14336896                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           409152000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          710208500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8743910                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3033287                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect         7928                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5559881                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5552219                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.862191                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2851700                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          119                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             73106477                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1464                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         73107941                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            24470842                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               748                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        24471590                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             97577319                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2212                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         97579531                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            23377686                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                98                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        23377784                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  166                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                113403281                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23407899                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              265182945                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8743910                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      8403919                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              38734359                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles           72679                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       41456587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1477                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          23377686                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          3304                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    103658813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.558229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.563900                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         64924454     62.63%     62.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1351694      1.30%     63.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2568876      2.48%     66.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1275562      1.23%     67.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1539247      1.48%     69.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           800684      0.77%     69.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1882659      1.82%     71.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1114645      1.08%     72.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         28200992     27.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    103658813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.077105                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.338406                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         31868385                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      33003640                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          31720601                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       7008279                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles          57907                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      2857288                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           490                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      265141696                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1549                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles          57907                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         33968648                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        14842054                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       129814                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          36522801                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      18137588                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      265081196                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          14335                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      16681027                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    226139703                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     370835256                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    258211701                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    112623555                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     225720229                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           419474                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2553                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1636                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          53342480                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     73143796                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     24494406                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     10353250                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1001113                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          256461829                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3052                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         256264642                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         4910                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       416587                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       371890                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          179                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    103658813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.472193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.589290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     11563626     11.16%     11.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19493649     18.81%     29.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     24279638     23.42%     53.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     21024012     20.28%     73.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     15280885     14.74%     88.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8671896      8.37%     96.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2858931      2.76%     99.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       386333      0.37%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        99843      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    103658813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           25135      0.77%      0.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd           825      0.03%      0.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt        375635     11.56%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       204463      6.29%     18.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     18.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     18.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     18.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     18.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     18.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     18.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     18.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     18.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     18.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     18.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     18.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     18.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     18.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     18.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     18.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     18.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     18.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     18.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     18.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     18.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     18.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     18.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1231336     37.90%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1411203     43.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          124      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      90343504     35.25%     35.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      5697510      2.22%     37.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     38588711     15.06%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     14551600      5.68%     58.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult      8540597      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       949097      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     73120417     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     24473079      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      256264642                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.259764                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3248597                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    460691484                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177769967                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    177141011                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    158750120                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     79115592                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79081452                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      179847085                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        79666030                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      9791336                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       131556                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          217                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        42988                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2100                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles          57907                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4311417                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        228759                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    265015557                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3590                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      73143796                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     24494406                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1631                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          33633                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         12525                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         4995                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2907                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7902                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     256245627                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      73107955                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19015                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               8550676                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             97579545                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          8730728                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           24471590                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.259596                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              256231784                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             256222463                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         217980118                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         246423414                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.259392                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.884576                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       400240                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2873                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7457                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    103600906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.553934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.272778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     41773030     40.32%     40.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26380279     25.46%     65.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3457895      3.34%     69.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1843545      1.78%     70.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1661499      1.60%     72.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1138175      1.10%     73.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1794133      1.73%     75.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1757264      1.70%     77.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     23795086     22.97%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    103600906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    264589909                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      264589909                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               97463658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              73012240                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                1351                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            8720356                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           79058653                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         207968675                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2850486                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      23795086                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            344779082                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           530038398                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  153516                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 9744468                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           256041810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             256041810                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     256041810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.442909                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.442909                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.257799                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.257799                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        286558614                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       151544038                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          83818849                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         74335596                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         2533218                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           2703                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    141836                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8078.641501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      260913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    150001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.739408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               55452892500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5662.870683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    24.816580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2387.703852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          2.579631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.670755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.691268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.003029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.291468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.986162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           72                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       157318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  157390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           180087                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                180087                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        61377                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 61377                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            72                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        218695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   218767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           72                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       218695                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  218767                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 75383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74347                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               74347                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       148756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 149730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       148756                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                149730                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67417000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4586851000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4654268000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4617153000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4617153000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67417000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9204004000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       9271421000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67417000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9204004000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      9271421000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       231727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              232773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       180087                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            180087                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       135724                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            135724                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       367451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               368497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       367451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              368497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.931166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.321106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.323848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.547781                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.547781                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.931166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.404832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.406326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.931166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.404832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.406326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69216.632444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61643.766211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61741.612830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62102.747925                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62102.747925                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69216.632444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61873.161419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61920.931009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69216.632444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61873.161419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61920.931009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                74286                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     74286                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            75383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74347                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          74347                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            149730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           149730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56231000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3731947000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3788178000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3763370000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3763370000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56231000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7495317000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7551548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56231000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7495317000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7551548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.931166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.321106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.323848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.547781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.931166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.404832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.406326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.931166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.404832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.406326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57732.032854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50154.510879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50252.417654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50618.989334                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50618.989334                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57732.032854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50386.653311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50434.435317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57732.032854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50386.653311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50434.435317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   619192808                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             232773                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            232771                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           180087                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           135724                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          135724                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       914987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       917079                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        66944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     35042304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  35109248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              35109248                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          454379000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1805000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         587369500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               720                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           508.765341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            23379436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          19023.137510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   497.477827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    11.287514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.971636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.022046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23376235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        23376235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23376235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         23376235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23376235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        23376235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95291249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95291249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95291249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95291249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95291249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95291249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23377686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23377686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23377686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     23377686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23377686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     23377686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65672.811165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65672.811165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65672.811165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65672.811165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65672.811165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65672.811165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          368                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    40.888889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          405                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69192500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69192500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69192500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69192500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69192500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69192500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66149.617591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66149.617591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66149.617591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66149.617591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66149.617591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66149.617591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            367368                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           160.951762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            86497113                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            367529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            235.347722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   160.906528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.045234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.314271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.314359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     62503258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        62503258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     23991205                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       23991205                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          798                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          798                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     86494463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         86494463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     86494463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        86494463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       808670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        808670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       458862                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       458862                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          556                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          556                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1267532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1267532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1267532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1267532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  21607400250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21607400250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15581898251                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15581898251                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      7915500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      7915500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37189298501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  37189298501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37189298501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  37189298501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63311928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63311928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24450067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     24450067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1354                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1354                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     87761995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     87761995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     87761995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     87761995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018767                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018767                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.410635                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.410635                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26719.675826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26719.675826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33957.700248                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33957.700248                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14236.510791                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14236.510791                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29339.928697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29339.928697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29339.928697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29339.928697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         9718                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               949                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.240253                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       180087                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            180087                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       576636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       576636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       323447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       323447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          554                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          554                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       900083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       900083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       900083                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       900083                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       232034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       232034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       135415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       135415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       367449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       367449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       367449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       367449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6402787500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6402787500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5366836499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5366836499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       146500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       146500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11769623999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11769623999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11769623999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11769623999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005538                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005538                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001477                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001477                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27594.178008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27594.178008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39632.511162                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39632.511162                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        73250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        73250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32030.632820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32030.632820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32030.632820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32030.632820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
