
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.185079                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                185079153000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               185080863500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  56446                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    56446                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               12308513                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15036.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   848760973                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     848760973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     31489792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             31552128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     15738112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          15738112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       492028                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                493002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          245908                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               245908                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       336807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    170142296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               170479103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       336807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             336807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          85034493                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               85034493                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          85034493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       336807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    170142296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              255513596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        493003                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       245908                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         738911                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     31552128                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  15738112                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               31552128                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               15738112                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       15                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 30898                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 30791                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 30865                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 30737                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 30763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 30770                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 30767                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 30810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 30747                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 30759                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                30765                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                30884                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                30913                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                30852                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                30769                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                30898                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 15368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 15407                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                15409                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                15395                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                15366                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    185079123000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  493003                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 245908                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    492432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     10687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        35946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1314.124075                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     627.658671                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1947.179425                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4219     11.74%     11.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3484      9.69%     21.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          544      1.51%     22.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          502      1.40%     24.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          524      1.46%     25.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          696      1.94%     27.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1639      4.56%     32.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513         2770      7.71%     40.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          650      1.81%     41.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          516      1.44%     43.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          435      1.21%     44.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          480      1.34%     45.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          446      1.24%     47.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          719      2.00%     49.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961         3644     10.14%     59.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         2284      6.35%     65.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          569      1.58%     67.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          555      1.54%     68.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          455      1.27%     69.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          466      1.30%     71.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          497      1.38%     72.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          696      1.94%     74.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         5238     14.57%     89.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          188      0.52%     89.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           99      0.28%     89.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           99      0.28%     90.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           61      0.17%     90.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           58      0.16%     90.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           58      0.16%     90.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           39      0.11%     90.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           66      0.18%     90.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           44      0.12%     91.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           57      0.16%     91.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           30      0.08%     91.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           34      0.09%     91.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           20      0.06%     91.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           15      0.04%     91.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           12      0.03%     91.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           24      0.07%     91.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           11      0.03%     91.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           11      0.03%     91.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           24      0.07%     91.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           18      0.05%     91.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           36      0.10%     91.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           19      0.05%     91.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           30      0.08%     92.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           14      0.04%     92.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           12      0.03%     92.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           12      0.03%     92.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            9      0.03%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            7      0.02%     92.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            7      0.02%     92.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            6      0.02%     92.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            5      0.01%     92.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            2      0.01%     92.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            6      0.02%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            5      0.01%     92.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            7      0.02%     92.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            5      0.01%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           10      0.03%     92.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            3      0.01%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            5      0.01%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           35      0.10%     92.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           18      0.05%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           29      0.08%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           12      0.03%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            9      0.03%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            8      0.02%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            8      0.02%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            9      0.03%     92.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            9      0.03%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            5      0.01%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            7      0.02%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            9      0.03%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            6      0.02%     92.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            7      0.02%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            7      0.02%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            8      0.02%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            6      0.02%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            7      0.02%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            8      0.02%     92.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            7      0.02%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            9      0.03%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            3      0.01%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            3      0.01%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            5      0.01%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            7      0.02%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            5      0.01%     93.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            7      0.02%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            7      0.02%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            4      0.01%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           11      0.03%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            5      0.01%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            3      0.01%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           22      0.06%     93.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            6      0.02%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           27      0.08%     93.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            8      0.02%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            9      0.03%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            5      0.01%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            7      0.02%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            9      0.03%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            6      0.02%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657           10      0.03%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            7      0.02%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            6      0.02%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            9      0.03%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            8      0.02%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            7      0.02%     93.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            3      0.01%     93.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.00%     93.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            7      0.02%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            3      0.01%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            9      0.03%     93.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            6      0.02%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            6      0.02%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            9      0.03%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            6      0.02%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            5      0.01%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            8      0.02%     93.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           11      0.03%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            6      0.02%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            3      0.01%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.01%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            5      0.01%     93.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           11      0.03%     93.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           34      0.09%     93.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         2186      6.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          35946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      336620250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10009420250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2464940000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  7207860000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         682.82                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14620.76                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20303.58                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         170.48                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          85.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 170.48                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  85.03                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.47                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     471276                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    231659                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       250475.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    255513251                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              247016                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             247014                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            245908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            245987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           245987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side      1231912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                       1231912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     47290176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   47290176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               47290176                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1353087500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2338671250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        28915648                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     10000069                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        13800                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     18377533                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        18366509                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.940014                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         9450006                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          107                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            242277249                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               4844                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        242282093                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            81090276                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2252                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        81092528                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            323367525                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               7096                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        323374621                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            77407336                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                89                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        77407425                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  503                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                370158306                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     77449098                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              878428292                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            28915648                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     27816515                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             128291436                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          159103                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      132356529                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1466                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          77407336                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          7030                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    338227462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.597152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.577003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        209936026     62.07%     62.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4471872      1.32%     63.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          8510467      2.52%     65.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4218511      1.25%     67.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5090587      1.51%     68.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          2643159      0.78%     69.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6231756      1.84%     71.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3689398      1.09%     72.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         93435686     27.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    338227462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.078117                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.373115                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        105307986                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     104512435                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         105564590                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      22714104                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         128346                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      9461719                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           486                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      878335259                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1551                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         128346                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        112575551                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        45747277                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       373713                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         121059406                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      58343168                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      878201649                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          24239                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      53643952                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    749241247                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1228554807                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    855114977                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    373439830                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     748287981                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           953266                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         5837                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         3742                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         175347152                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    242357706                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     81141622                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     31710427                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2693182                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          849713794                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         6907                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         849306093                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        12053                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       953413                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       775274                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          145                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    338227462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.511050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.589163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     35444273     10.48%     10.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     63412333     18.75%     29.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     77690760     22.97%     52.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     70445730     20.83%     73.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     50043609     14.80%     87.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     30153514      8.92%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      9345214      2.76%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1374472      0.41%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       317557      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    338227462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           48542      0.45%      0.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt       1450985     13.55%     14.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       739746      6.91%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4021410     37.56%     58.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       4445059     41.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          393      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     299335046     35.24%     35.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     18887557      2.22%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    127957187     15.07%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     48252131      5.68%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     28320090      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      3147044      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    242309983     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     81096659      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      849306093                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.294440                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            10705742                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012605                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1520900607                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    588353236                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    586991275                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    526656836                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    262332982                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    262222749                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      595586536                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       264424906                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     32691076                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307150                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          714                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12217                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94708                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          800                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         128346                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        13379993                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1041893                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    878058433                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6789                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     242357706                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     81141622                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         3739                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          40224                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         84360                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        12217                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10234                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4129                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        14363                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     849263550                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     242282099                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        42543                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              28337732                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            323374629                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         28892443                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           81092530                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.294325                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              849236991                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             849214024                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         723352607                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         816083423                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.294191                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.886371                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       879947                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         6762                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        13326                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    338099116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.594183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.282534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    133104869     39.37%     39.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     87432211     25.86%     65.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11633549      3.44%     68.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5913511      1.75%     70.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5669236      1.68%     72.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3766492      1.11%     73.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5808916      1.72%     74.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      5874584      1.74%     76.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     78895748     23.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    338099116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    877090814                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      877090814                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              323097470                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             242050556                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                3127                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           28869639                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          262150420                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         689356941                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      9447851                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      78895748                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1137120049                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1756070178                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  489334                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                31930844                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           848757582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             848757582                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     848757582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.436118                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.436118                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.292958                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.292958                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        949654771                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       502208924                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         277934508                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        246488403                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         8396474                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           6255                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    485100                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8062.554447                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      270885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    493266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.549166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5570.825974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     7.568651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2483.169512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.786112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.204198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.680032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.303121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.984199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       175956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  176031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           340880                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                340880                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        62342                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 62342                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            75                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        238298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   238373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           75                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       238298                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  238373                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                247016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       245987                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              245987                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       492029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 493003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       492029                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                493003                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65998750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15047043250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15113042000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15349600250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   15349600250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65998750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30396643500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      30462642250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65998750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30396643500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     30462642250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       421998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              423047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       340880                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            340880                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       308329                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            308329                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       730327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               731376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       730327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              731376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.583041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.583897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.797807                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.797807                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.673711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.674076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.673711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.674076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67760.523614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61156.401143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61182.441623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62400.046547                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62400.046547                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67760.523614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61778.154336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61789.973388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67760.523614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61778.154336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61789.973388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               245908                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    245908                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           247016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       245987                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         245987                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            493003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           493003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54808250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12219972750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12274781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12524516750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12524516750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54808250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24744489500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24799297750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54808250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24744489500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24799297750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.583041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.583897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.797807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.797807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.673711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.674076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.673711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.674076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56271.303901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49666.206379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49692.250704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50915.360365                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50915.360365                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56271.303901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50290.713556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50302.529092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56271.303901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50290.713556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50302.529092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   370783283                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             423047                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            423045                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           340880                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           308329                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          308329                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      1801532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      1803630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        67136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     68557120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  68624256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              68624256                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          877008000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1811750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1215416000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               722                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.823264                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            77409079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          62832.044643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   498.575494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    11.247769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.973780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.021968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77405878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        77405878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77405878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         77405878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77405878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        77405878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93794249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93794249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93794249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93794249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93794249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93794249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77407336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77407336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77407336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     77407336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77407336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     77407336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64330.760631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64330.760631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64330.760631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64330.760631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64330.760631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64330.760631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          369                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    46.125000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          409                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          409                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67808250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67808250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67808250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67808250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67808250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67808250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64640.848427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64640.848427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64640.848427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64640.848427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64640.848427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64640.848427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            730064                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           340.923427                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           288138499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            730405                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            394.491411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   340.907643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.015785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.665835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.665866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    208178271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       208178271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     79955015                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       79955015                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    288133286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        288133286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    288133286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       288133286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1403982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1403982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1088772                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1088772                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2492754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2492754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2492754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2492754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  58137095500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  58137095500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47532302728                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  47532302728                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21407250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     21407250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105669398228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 105669398228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105669398228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 105669398228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209582253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209582253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     81043787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     81043787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290626040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    290626040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290626040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    290626040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013434                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013434                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.493124                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.493124                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41408.718559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41408.718559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43656.801174                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43656.801174                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13882.782101                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13882.782101                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42390.624277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42390.624277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42390.624277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42390.624277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6051                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               188                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    32.186170                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       340880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            340880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       981972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       981972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       780456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       780456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1762428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1762428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1762428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1762428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       422010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       422010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       308316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       308316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       730326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       730326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       730326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       730326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17233823000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17233823000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16287350250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16287350250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33521173250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33521173250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33521173250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33521173250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003804                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003804                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40837.475415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40837.475415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52826.808372                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52826.808372                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45898.918086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45898.918086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45898.918086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45898.918086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
