
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.016375                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16375049000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                16376760000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  20198                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    20198                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                7215510                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750344                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2269.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    45838228                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      45838228                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       708288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               757632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       181184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            181184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 11838                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2831                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2831                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      3013365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     43254100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                46267465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      3013365                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            3013365                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          11064639                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               11064639                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          11064639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      3013365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     43254100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               57332103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         11838                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         2831                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          14669                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       757632                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    181184                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 757632                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 181184                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        4                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   644                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   565                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   800                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   639                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   672                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   470                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   740                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1048                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   882                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   820                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  962                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 1008                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  715                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  571                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  598                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  700                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   204                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                   129                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                   198                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                   170                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    87                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    52                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   182                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   330                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   207                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   174                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                  308                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                  272                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                  124                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   49                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   93                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  252                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     16374814000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   11838                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   2831                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1805                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         1951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      480.902101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     172.873011                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1225.985976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            842     43.16%     43.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129          316     16.20%     59.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          159      8.15%     67.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          106      5.43%     72.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           64      3.28%     76.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           41      2.10%     78.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           42      2.15%     80.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           30      1.54%     82.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           24      1.23%     83.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           26      1.33%     84.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           27      1.38%     85.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           20      1.03%     86.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           20      1.03%     88.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           25      1.28%     89.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            9      0.46%     89.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           10      0.51%     90.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           14      0.72%     90.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           11      0.56%     91.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           11      0.56%     92.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           12      0.62%     92.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            9      0.46%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           12      0.62%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473           11      0.56%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           13      0.67%     95.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            4      0.21%     95.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            4      0.21%     95.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            2      0.10%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            2      0.10%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            6      0.31%     95.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            2      0.10%     96.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.05%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            1      0.05%     96.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            2      0.10%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            2      0.10%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            3      0.15%     96.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            3      0.15%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            3      0.15%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            1      0.05%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            3      0.15%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.05%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.05%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            4      0.21%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.10%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.05%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.05%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.05%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            2      0.10%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            2      0.10%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.05%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.05%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.05%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.05%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.05%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.10%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           36      1.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           1951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       87231250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 278731250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     59170000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   132330000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        7371.24                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    11182.19                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  23553.43                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          46.27                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          11.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  46.27                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  11.06                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.02                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.99                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11006                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1706                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  60.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1116287.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     57332103                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4005                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4005                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              2831                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7833                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7833                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        26507                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         26507                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       938816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     938816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 938816                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            18658500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           56165250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         1196758                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      1134466                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        76469                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups       392948                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits          386967                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.477916                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           13979                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           85                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             20919145                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                411                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         20919556                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             6802967                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2225                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         6805192                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             27722112                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2636                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         27724748                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             3697579                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               127                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         3697706                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 32750098                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles      3801669                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               51397269                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             1196758                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches       400946                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles               6697379                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          711588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       21211096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           84                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3354                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3697579                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         12548                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     32322956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.590117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.165075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         25625577     79.28%     79.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           128944      0.40%     79.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            98448      0.30%     79.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            32547      0.10%     80.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            36022      0.11%     80.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            24045      0.07%     80.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            13420      0.04%     80.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           282669      0.87%     81.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6081284     18.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     32322956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.036542                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.569378                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          6604987                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      18461354                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           3729288                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2918273                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         609053                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        46310                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           334                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       51012791                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1057                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         609053                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          7270344                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         5319974                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1337011                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5890003                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      11896570                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       50538975                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents             2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         211979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      11464784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     42145262                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      73788665                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     72774057                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1014608                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      38170776                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          3974486                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        55233                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          145                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          20879970                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     21804071                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      7141825                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13813343                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3014431                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           50167169                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          253                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          47910126                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         5298                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      4305602                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3671268                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           65                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     32322956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.482232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      7868820     24.34%     24.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     11282347     34.91%     59.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6164658     19.07%     78.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4286613     13.26%     91.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2235163      6.92%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       428810      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        42605      0.13%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13228      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          712      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     32322956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             584      0.20%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.01%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         279733     97.71%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          5928      2.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        22351      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      19233089     40.14%     40.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       409244      0.85%     41.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       276177      0.58%     41.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        25898      0.05%     41.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt        92383      0.19%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        20292      0.04%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        21187      0.04%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20994417     43.82%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6815088     14.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       47910126                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.462900                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              286285                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005975                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    127160796                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     53695807                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47069503                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1273995                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       804388                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       627046                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       47536447                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          637613                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      8638182                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1832625                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4908                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        27402                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       487575                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2047                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         609053                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          293605                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         22847                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     50211650                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2151                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      21804071                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7141825                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          162                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           4800                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          6283                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        27402                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        22204                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        54945                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        77149                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      47807305                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      20919560                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       102821                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 44228                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             27724752                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          1043752                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            6805192                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.459761                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               47754982                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              47696549                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          39499686                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          40180044                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.456379                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983067                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      4338022                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          188                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        76151                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     31713903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.446311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.990877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10326362     32.56%     32.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12918025     40.73%     73.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4455065     14.05%     87.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       776414      2.45%     89.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       598863      1.89%     91.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       388583      1.23%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       232659      0.73%     93.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       167016      0.53%     94.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1850916      5.84%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     31713903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     45868158                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       45868158                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               26625696                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              19971446                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches             996179                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             572415                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          45475923                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        13687                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1850916                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             80064071                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           101022745                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   11723                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  427142                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            45834837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              45834837                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total      45834837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.714524                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.714524                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.399533                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.399533                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         69085216                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        39395274                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            624490                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           495519                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           26738                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          11332                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4087                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7167.462396                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       39081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     11998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.257293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5935.302724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   335.074181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   776.194088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         88.853670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         32.037733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.724524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.040903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.094750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.010846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.003911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.874934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        22111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   22124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            24683                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 24683                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3789                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  3789                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         25900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    25913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        25900                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   25913                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7833                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                7833                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  11839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 11839                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54849500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    214584500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       269434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    500449750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     500449750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54849500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    715034250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        769883750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54849500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    715034250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       769883750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        25345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               26130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        24683                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             24683                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11622                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11622                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                37752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               37752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.127599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.153310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.673980                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.673980                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.299375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.313599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.299375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.313599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71048.575130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66352.659246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67257.613580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63889.920848                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63889.920848                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71048.575130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64609.582543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65029.457724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71048.575130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64609.582543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65029.457724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2831                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2831                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7833                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           7833                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             11839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            11839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     45990500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    177452500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    223443000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    410434250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    410434250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     45990500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    587886750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    633877250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     45990500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    587886750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    633877250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.127599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.153310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.673980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.299375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.313599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.299375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.313599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59573.186528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54870.902907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55777.084373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52398.091408                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52398.091408                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59573.186528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53120.696666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53541.451981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59573.186528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53120.696666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53541.451981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   244016125                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              26130                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             26129                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            24683                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11622                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11622                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side        98617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       100186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        50176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      3945600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   3995776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               3995776                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           55900500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1365000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          58153000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               464                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           485.837944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             3699619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               973                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           3802.280576                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   403.051995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    82.785948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.787211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.161691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3696404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         3696404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3696404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          3696404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3696404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         3696404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1175                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1175                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79574750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79574750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79574750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79574750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79574750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79574750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3697579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3697579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3697579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      3697579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3697579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      3697579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67723.191489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67723.191489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67723.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67723.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67723.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67723.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          390                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          390                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55766000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55766000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55766000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55766000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55766000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55766000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71039.490446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71039.490446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71039.490446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71039.490446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71039.490446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71039.490446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             36710                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           334.391372                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            18834399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             37045                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            508.419463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   334.317014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.074358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.652963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.653108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12229945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        12229945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6603661                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6603661                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     18833606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         18833606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     18833606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        18833606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        50367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         50367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        50510                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        50510                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       100877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         100877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       100877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        100877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1170368500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1170368500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2535690033                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2535690033                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       171250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       171250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3706058533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3706058533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3706058533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3706058533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12280312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12280312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6654171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6654171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18934483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18934483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18934483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18934483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007591                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007591                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23236.811801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23236.811801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50201.742883                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50201.742883                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24464.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24464.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36738.389653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36738.389653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36738.389653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36738.389653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       118157                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1617                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    73.071738                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        24683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             24683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        25025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        25025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        38888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        38888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        63913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        63913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        25342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11622                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11622                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        36964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        36964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    461393500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    461393500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    550107000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    550107000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1011500500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011500500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1011500500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011500500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001747                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001747                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18206.672717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18206.672717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47333.247290                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47333.247290                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27364.476247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27364.476247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27364.476247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27364.476247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
