
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.016555                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16554631000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                16556342000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  20360                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    20360                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                7353057                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 749484                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2251.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    45838228                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      45838228                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       714880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               764416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       186688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            186688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 11944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2917                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2917                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      2992274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     43183083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                46175357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2992274                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            2992274                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          11277086                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               11277086                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          11277086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      2992274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     43183083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               57452443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         11944                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         2917                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          14861                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       764416                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    186688                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 764416                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 186688                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        5                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   649                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   568                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   822                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   652                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   673                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   473                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   742                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1050                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   874                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   827                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  985                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 1010                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  718                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  575                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  601                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  720                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   208                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                   130                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                   217                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                   186                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    86                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    52                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   177                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   337                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   203                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   182                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                  328                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                  273                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                  128                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   50                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   86                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  274                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     16554396000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   11944                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   2917                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         1984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      477.419355                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     173.084053                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1223.550642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            828     41.73%     41.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129          356     17.94%     59.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          144      7.26%     66.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          118      5.95%     72.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           78      3.93%     76.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           47      2.37%     79.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           39      1.97%     81.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           39      1.97%     83.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           24      1.21%     84.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           27      1.36%     85.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           21      1.06%     86.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           24      1.21%     87.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           14      0.71%     88.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           17      0.86%     89.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           16      0.81%     90.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           15      0.76%     91.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           11      0.55%     91.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            6      0.30%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            9      0.45%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            8      0.40%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            9      0.45%     93.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            7      0.35%     93.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            6      0.30%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           14      0.71%     94.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            3      0.15%     94.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            5      0.25%     95.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            5      0.25%     95.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            2      0.10%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            6      0.30%     95.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            3      0.15%     95.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            3      0.15%     95.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            1      0.05%     96.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.10%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            2      0.10%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            4      0.20%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            4      0.20%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            3      0.15%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            2      0.10%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.10%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            1      0.05%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.05%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.15%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.10%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            1      0.05%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.05%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.05%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.05%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.05%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.05%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.05%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.05%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.05%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.05%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.05%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.05%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.05%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.05%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.05%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.10%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           36      1.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           1984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       89960500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 283305500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     59695000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   133650000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        7535.01                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    11194.40                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  23729.42                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          46.18                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          11.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  46.18                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  11.28                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.02                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.84                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11088                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1765                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   92.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  60.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1113948.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     57452443                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4098                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4098                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              2917                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7846                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7846                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        26805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         26805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       951104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     951104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 951104                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            19098500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           56675000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         1199715                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      1137330                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        76759                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups       394003                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits          388040                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.486560                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           13980                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           85                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             20910346                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                403                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         20910749                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             6799009                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2215                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         6801224                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             27709355                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2618                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         27711973                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             3704136                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               128                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         3704264                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 33109262                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles      3809559                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               51468535                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             1199715                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches       402020                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles               6707363                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          725808                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       21555016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           85                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3373                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3704136                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         11895                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     32698192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.574048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.152981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         25990829     79.49%     79.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           129196      0.40%     79.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            98746      0.30%     80.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            33099      0.10%     80.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            36479      0.11%     80.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            24179      0.07%     80.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            13523      0.04%     80.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           282527      0.86%     81.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6089614     18.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     32698192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.036235                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.554506                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          6658296                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      18759242                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           3810810                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2847372                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         622471                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        46353                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           339                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       51088720                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1062                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         622471                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          7385975                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         5317208                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1350385                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5841168                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12180984                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       50614273                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents             6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         235085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      11723313                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     42210439                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      73895604                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     72880129                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1015475                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      38170776                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          4039663                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        55149                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          148                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          21215768                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     21846498                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      7150332                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13860018                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3073485                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           50257249                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          251                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          47893558                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         5054                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      4393221                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3809914                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           63                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     32698192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.464716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      7914664     24.21%     24.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     11745885     35.92%     60.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6187798     18.92%     79.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4187776     12.81%     91.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2174384      6.65%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       430088      1.32%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        43154      0.13%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13695      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          748      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     32698192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             592      0.20%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             41      0.01%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           39      0.01%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         285896     97.95%     98.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          5300      1.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        22351      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      19232317     40.16%     40.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       410756      0.86%     41.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       276154      0.58%     41.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        25910      0.05%     41.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt        91498      0.19%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        20333      0.04%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        21639      0.05%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20982747     43.81%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6809853     14.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       47893558                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.446531                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              291868                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.006094                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    127509642                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     53873868                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47061693                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1272588                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       804345                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       626273                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       47526262                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          636813                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      8440788                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1875052                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4258                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        27716                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       496082                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2203                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         622471                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          124831                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          6174                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     50301649                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2026                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      21846498                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7150332                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          160                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents            974                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           808                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        27716                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        22405                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        54691                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        77096                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      47794472                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      20910753                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99086                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 44149                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             27711977                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          1044482                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            6801224                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.443538                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               47745386                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              47687966                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          39485168                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          40165206                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.440321                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983069                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      4427998                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          188                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        76437                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     32075721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.429996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.970335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10352790     32.28%     32.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13348049     41.61%     73.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4434674     13.83%     87.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       758665      2.37%     90.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       589426      1.84%     91.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       377947      1.18%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202864      0.63%     93.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       180305      0.56%     94.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1831001      5.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     32075721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     45868158                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       45868158                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               26625696                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              19971446                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches             996179                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             572415                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          45475923                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        13687                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1831001                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             80535780                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           101216123                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    5183                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  411070                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            45834837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              45834837                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total      45834837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.722360                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.722360                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.384351                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.384351                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         69067857                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        39389495                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            624564                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           494877                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           26738                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          11332                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4195                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7090.979038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       16478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12123                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.359235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5852.598171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   334.081232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   781.770692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         89.249403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         33.279540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.714428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.040781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.095431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.010895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.004062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.865598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    7241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            17109                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 17109                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3900                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  3900                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         11130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    11141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        11130                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   11141                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7846                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                7846                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  11945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 11945                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55956250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    224506000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       280462250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    498386250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     498386250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55956250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    722892250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        778848500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55956250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    722892250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       778848500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        10554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               11340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17109                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             17109                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11746                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11746                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                23086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               23086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.314952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.361464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.667972                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.667972                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.517413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.517413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72201.612903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67540.914561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68422.115150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63521.061687                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63521.061687                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72201.612903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64717.300806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65202.888238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72201.612903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64717.300806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65202.888238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2917                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2917                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7846                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           7846                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             11945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            11945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     47060750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    186344000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233404750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    408205750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    408205750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     47060750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    594549750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    641610500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     47060750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    594549750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    641610500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.314952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.361464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.667972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.667972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.517413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.517413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60723.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56060.168472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56941.876067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52027.243181                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52027.243181                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60723.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53227.372426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53713.729594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60723.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53227.372426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53713.729594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   155389510                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              11340                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             11339                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            17109                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11746                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11746                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side        61709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                        63280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        50240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      2522176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   2572416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               2572416                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           37206500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1368250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          36172750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               465                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           485.841795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             3706175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               974                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           3805.107803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   403.052215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    82.789580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.787211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.161698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3702960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         3702960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3702960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          3702960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3702960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         3702960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1176                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1176                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     81797250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81797250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     81797250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81797250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     81797250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81797250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3704136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3704136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3704136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      3704136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3704136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      3704136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69555.484694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69555.484694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69555.484694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69555.484694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69555.484694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69555.484694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          390                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          390                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56854750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56854750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56854750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56854750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56854750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56854750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72334.287532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72334.287532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72334.287532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72334.287532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72334.287532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72334.287532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             21866                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           458.828325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            19043051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             22378                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            850.971981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       14613770250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   444.822149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    14.006176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.868793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.027356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.896149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12439085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        12439085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6603172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6603172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     19042257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         19042257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     19042257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        19042257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         29675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        50999                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        50999                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        80674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          80674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        80674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         80674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    937278750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    937278750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2523299524                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2523299524                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       314750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       314750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3460578274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3460578274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3460578274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3460578274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12468760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12468760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6654171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6654171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19122931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19122931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19122931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19122931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007664                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007664                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075949                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.075949                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31584.793597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31584.793597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49477.431401                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49477.431401                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52458.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52458.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42895.831048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42895.831048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42895.831048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42895.831048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       119703                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1645                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    72.767781                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             17109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        19120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        39256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        39256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        58376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        58376                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58376                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        10555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    307591750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    307591750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    549205750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    549205750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        99750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        99750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    856797500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    856797500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    856797500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    856797500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001765                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001765                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025316                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025316                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29141.804832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29141.804832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46768.777144                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46768.777144                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        49875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        49875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38424.858732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38424.858732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38424.858732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38424.858732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
