
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.053690                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 53689845000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                53691556000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  38543                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    38543                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               13797848                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750432                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3891.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   149978825                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     149978825                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4039936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4089280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1660544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1660544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        63124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 63895                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           25946                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                25946                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       919056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     75245812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                76164869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       919056                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             919056                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          30928456                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               30928456                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          30928456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       919056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     75245812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              107093325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         63895                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        25946                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          89841                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      4089280                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1660544                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                4089280                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1660544                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       23                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4044                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  3988                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4113                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  3857                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  3932                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  3832                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4057                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  3919                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  3962                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  3974                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 4208                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4001                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 4004                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 3945                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 3998                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4038                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1661                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1668                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1678                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1556                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1565                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1571                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1711                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1530                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1557                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1629                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1630                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1633                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1623                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1615                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1641                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1678                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     53689559000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   63895                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  25946                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     39684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     12153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      7440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4592                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        23955                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      239.684074                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     115.041345                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     673.009890                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65          14220     59.36%     59.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3602     15.04%     74.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1690      7.05%     81.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          853      3.56%     85.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          718      3.00%     88.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          680      2.84%     90.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          373      1.56%     92.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          215      0.90%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          129      0.54%     93.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           96      0.40%     94.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           79      0.33%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           85      0.35%     94.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           52      0.22%     95.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           44      0.18%     95.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           34      0.14%     95.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           57      0.24%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           20      0.08%     95.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           20      0.08%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           17      0.07%     95.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          114      0.48%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           18      0.08%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           22      0.09%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          225      0.94%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          212      0.88%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           20      0.08%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            9      0.04%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            9      0.04%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           12      0.05%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           11      0.05%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            8      0.03%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            9      0.04%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            7      0.03%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            8      0.03%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            4      0.02%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            7      0.03%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            7      0.03%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            8      0.03%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            7      0.03%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            4      0.02%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            5      0.02%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            4      0.02%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            4      0.02%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            4      0.02%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            3      0.01%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            3      0.01%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            3      0.01%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            4      0.02%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            8      0.03%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            4      0.02%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            2      0.01%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            1      0.00%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            2      0.01%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            3      0.01%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.00%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            3      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            3      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            3      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.00%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            2      0.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            2      0.01%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.00%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            5      0.02%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            1      0.00%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.00%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            2      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            3      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            5      0.02%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            2      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            2      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            4      0.02%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            3      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.00%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            2      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            1      0.00%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.00%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            2      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            3      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            4      0.02%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            3      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.00%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            2      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            4      0.02%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            3      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            4      0.02%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            3      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            7      0.03%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            1      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            1      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            2      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            3      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            1      0.00%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            2      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            2      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            3      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            6      0.03%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           68      0.28%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8512-8513            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          23955                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      936030000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2255785000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    319360000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  1000395000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14654.78                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    15662.50                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  35317.28                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          76.16                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          30.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  76.16                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  30.93                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.04                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.90                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      51585                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     14276                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   80.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  55.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       597606.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    107093325                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               34035                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              34035                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             25946                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             29860                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            29860                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       153736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        153736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      5749824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    5749824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                5749824                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           148704500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          303034000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         3770693                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3586217                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       233582                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1370899                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1344550                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.077977                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           36745                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           82                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             67957019                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1178                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         67958197                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            21850094                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4291                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        21854385                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             89807113                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5469                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         89812582                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            12112518                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               131                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        12112649                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                107379690                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     12404378                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              167189849                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             3770693                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1381295                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              21819449                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         2213100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       68196904                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3412                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          12112518                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         36974                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    104317417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.602703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.173010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         82497968     79.08%     79.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           436104      0.42%     79.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           334303      0.32%     79.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           101742      0.10%     79.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           112468      0.11%     80.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            77301      0.07%     80.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            35057      0.03%     80.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1046598      1.00%     81.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         19675876     18.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    104317417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.035116                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.556997                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         21493124                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      59265238                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          12471831                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       9194352                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1892871                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       142848                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           325                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      166017607                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1022                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1892871                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         23872379                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        16760180                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4438285                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          19012346                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      38341355                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      164522798                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          2707                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         762153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      36821005                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    137721417                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     240363399                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    237216096                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      3147303                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     125386858                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12334559                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       168641                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          146                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          67737161                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     70630691                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     22877685                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     43987413                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      9440279                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          163398043                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          252                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         156549366                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16982                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     13302590                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11169304                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           62                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    104317417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.500702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273822                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     24533824     23.52%     23.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     36848749     35.32%     58.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     20066388     19.24%     78.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13880074     13.31%     91.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7266537      6.97%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1509774      1.45%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       172374      0.17%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39219      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          478      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    104317417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             320      0.03%      0.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             34      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         924379     97.09%     97.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         27271      2.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        67821      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      63507112     40.57%     40.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1542351      0.99%     41.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       860476      0.55%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        80820      0.05%     42.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       285600      0.18%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        57477      0.04%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        66007      0.04%     42.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     68199397     43.56%     86.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21882305     13.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      156549366                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.457905                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              952044                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.006081                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    414465662                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    174268316                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    153957734                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3919513                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2515236                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1926946                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      155472175                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1961414                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     27595264                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5615256                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        12987                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        83377                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1488142                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        19561                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1892871                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          671162                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         38275                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    163523289                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         9233                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      70630691                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     22877685                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          161                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           4114                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          7594                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        83377                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        78575                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       157187                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       235762                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     156220695                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      67958199                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       328671                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                124994                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             89812584                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3312359                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           21854385                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.454844                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              156049926                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             155884680                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         129585192                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         131726747                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.451715                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983742                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13438933                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       233270                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    102424546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.465135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.027047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     33345849     32.56%     32.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     41651110     40.67%     73.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14368977     14.03%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2299661      2.25%     89.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1916414      1.87%     91.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1217267      1.19%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       715376      0.70%     93.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       545602      0.53%     93.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6364290      6.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    102424546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    150065828                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      150065828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               86404978                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              65015435                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3151228                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            1751192                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         148865889                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        36429                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       6364290                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            259550067                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           328906674                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   34170                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3062273                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           149975434                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             149975434                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     149975434                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.715982                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.715982                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.396683                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.396683                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        226022484                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       129302620                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           1921700                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1529520                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           72189                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          34067                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     55929                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8116.789338                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       29735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     63936                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.465074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5946.611353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    75.282513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2094.070776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.657088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.167607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.725905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.009190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.255624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.990819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        24266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   24266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            35119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 35119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4426                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  4426                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         28692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    28692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        28692                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   28692                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        33264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 34036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29860                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               29860                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        63124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  63896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        63124                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 63896                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52911500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2629758750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2682670250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2223748250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2223748250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52911500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4853507000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4906418500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52911500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4853507000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4906418500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               58302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        35119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             35119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34286                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             34286                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        91816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                92588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        91816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               92588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.578203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.583788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.870909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.870909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.687505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.690111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.687505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.690111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68538.212435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79057.201479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78818.611176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74472.479906                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74472.479906                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68538.212435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76888.457639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76787.568862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68538.212435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76888.457639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76787.568862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                25946                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     25946                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        33264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            34036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29860                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          29860                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        63124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             63896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        63124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            63896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44055500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2247781250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2291836750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1880723750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1880723750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44055500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4128505000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4172560500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44055500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4128505000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4172560500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.578203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.583788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.870909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.870909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.687505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.690111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.687505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.690111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57066.709845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67573.991402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67335.666647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62984.720362                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62984.720362                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57066.709845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65403.095495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65302.374171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57066.709845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65403.095495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65302.374171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   152229607                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              58302                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             58301                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            35119                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            34286                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           34286                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       218751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       220294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      8123840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   8173184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               8173184                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           98972500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1344000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         153038250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               449                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.735680                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            12114571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               960                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          12619.344792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   395.725098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.010582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.772901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.173849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12111356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        12111356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12111356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         12111356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12111356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        12111356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76867000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76867000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76867000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76867000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76867000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76867000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12112518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12112518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12112518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     12112518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12112518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     12112518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66150.602410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66150.602410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66150.602410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66150.602410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66150.602410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66150.602410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          390                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          390                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53684500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53684500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53684500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53684500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53684500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53684500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69539.507772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69539.507772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69539.507772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69539.507772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69539.507772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69539.507772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             91432                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           461.070633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            61412787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             91894                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            668.300292                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   461.047682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.022951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.900484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     40186468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        40186468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     21225526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       21225526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     61411994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         61411994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     61411994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        61411994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       160242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        160242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       163938                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       163938                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       324180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         324180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       324180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        324180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7686929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7686929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10369592851                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10369592851                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18056521851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18056521851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18056521851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18056521851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     40346710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40346710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21389464                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21389464                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     61736174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     61736174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     61736174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     61736174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007664                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007664                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47970.750490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47970.750490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63253.137473                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63253.137473                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55699.061790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55699.061790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55699.061790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55699.061790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       615730                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5675                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   108.498678                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        35119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             35119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       102713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       102713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       129654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       129654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       232367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       232367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       232367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       232367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        57529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        34284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        91813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        91813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        91813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        91813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2929996000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2929996000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2302319000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2302319000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5232315000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5232315000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5232315000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5232315000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001603                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001603                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50930.765353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50930.765353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67154.328550                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67154.328550                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56988.825112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56988.825112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56988.825112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56988.825112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
