
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.177315                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                177314726000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               177316437000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  30709                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    30709                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9544187                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750512                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 18578.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   570525188                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     570525188                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        60352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4724288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4784640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        60352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           60352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2137536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2137536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        73817                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 74760                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           33399                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                33399                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       340367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     26643517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                26983884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       340367                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             340367                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          12055039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               12055039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          12055039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       340367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     26643517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               39038923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         74760                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        33399                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         108159                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      4784640                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2137536                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                4784640                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2137536                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       27                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4672                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4615                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4661                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  4690                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  4868                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  4720                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4559                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4430                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  4554                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  4616                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 4795                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4768                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 4750                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 4700                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 4672                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4663                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2094                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2088                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2116                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2103                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2070                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2084                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2187                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1995                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2003                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2055                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2020                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2100                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2125                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2106                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2122                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2131                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    177314439500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   74760                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  33399                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     55770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8649                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12392                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      558.151065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     224.301962                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1122.751270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4091     33.01%     33.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1895     15.29%     48.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1086      8.76%     57.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          831      6.71%     63.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          496      4.00%     67.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          383      3.09%     70.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          328      2.65%     73.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          340      2.74%     76.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          204      1.65%     77.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          161      1.30%     79.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          126      1.02%     80.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          139      1.12%     81.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           85      0.69%     82.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           83      0.67%     82.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          112      0.90%     83.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          135      1.09%     84.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           69      0.56%     85.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           66      0.53%     85.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           80      0.65%     86.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          185      1.49%     87.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           63      0.51%     88.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           40      0.32%     88.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          418      3.37%     92.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          345      2.78%     94.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           31      0.25%     95.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           19      0.15%     95.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           14      0.11%     95.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           22      0.18%     95.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           10      0.08%     95.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           20      0.16%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           10      0.08%     95.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            9      0.07%     96.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           16      0.13%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            7      0.06%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            9      0.07%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            8      0.06%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            6      0.05%     96.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           11      0.09%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            9      0.07%     96.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           12      0.10%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            7      0.06%     96.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            3      0.02%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            4      0.03%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           14      0.11%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            2      0.02%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            3      0.02%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            4      0.03%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           13      0.10%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            5      0.04%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            4      0.03%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            4      0.03%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            7      0.06%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            6      0.05%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            4      0.03%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            5      0.04%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            6      0.05%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            4      0.03%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            6      0.05%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            4      0.03%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            5      0.04%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            3      0.02%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            8      0.06%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            6      0.05%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            5      0.04%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            3      0.02%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            9      0.07%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            3      0.02%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            2      0.02%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            5      0.04%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            6      0.05%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            5      0.04%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            9      0.07%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            3      0.02%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            6      0.05%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            6      0.05%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            2      0.02%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            4      0.03%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            4      0.03%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            5      0.04%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            3      0.02%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.01%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.02%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            3      0.02%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.01%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.02%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.02%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.01%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            3      0.02%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.02%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            4      0.03%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.01%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            3      0.02%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            6      0.05%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            5      0.04%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            2      0.02%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.01%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.01%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            2      0.02%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            4      0.03%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            4      0.03%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            3      0.02%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            3      0.02%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            3      0.02%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            2      0.02%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.01%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            3      0.02%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            6      0.05%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            1      0.01%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            3      0.02%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            1      0.01%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            2      0.02%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            4      0.03%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.02%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            2      0.02%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            3      0.02%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.01%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.01%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            3      0.02%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.02%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            1      0.01%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            2      0.02%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.03%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          107      0.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12392                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      694953500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1986623500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    373665000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   918005000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9299.15                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12283.80                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26582.95                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          26.98                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          12.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  26.98                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  12.06                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.06                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      69705                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     26032                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  77.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1639386.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     39038923                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               39315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              39315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             33399                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             35445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            35445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       182919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        182919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      6922176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    6922176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                6922176                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           187675500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          354549000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        57691656                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     46614718                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       695387                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     37134716                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        36828689                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.175901                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2996563                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         3996                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            187580158                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1084                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        187581242                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            78209928                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4717                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        78214645                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            265790086                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5801                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        265795887                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            65923725                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               182                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        65923907                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               105679                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                354631126                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     66394875                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              618359214                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            57691656                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     39825252                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             103595399                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         5721950                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      176097162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           93                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         4590                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          65923725                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        263239                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    350948850                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.761964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.022893                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        247353451     70.48%     70.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          6406772      1.83%     72.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6718993      1.91%     74.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          9685367      2.76%     76.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          7403846      2.11%     79.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          9274043      2.64%     81.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6779039      1.93%     83.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5820190      1.66%     85.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         51507149     14.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    350948850                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.162681                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.743669                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         85273323                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     157723337                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          87307851                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      15797212                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4847126                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      6321162                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          9625                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      615468327                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1166                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4847126                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         94852058                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        38537447                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     48343989                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          93024261                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      71343968                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      612055593                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       18431832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      46070799                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    472480092                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     869357491                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    863988566                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5368925                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     442552452                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         29927640                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1279956                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       317141                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         144699120                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    190988608                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     80329230                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     75300443                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     20905840                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          603741146                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       528552                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         589987203                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       409866                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     33325442                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24533865                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           88                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    350948850                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.681120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.656974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    104148810     29.68%     29.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     88126319     25.11%     54.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     63890285     18.21%     72.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     45116104     12.86%     85.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     26523044      7.56%     93.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     12948676      3.69%     97.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5040793      1.44%     98.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3586864      1.02%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1567955      0.45%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    350948850                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          831217     16.67%     16.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           4311      0.09%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            17      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             1      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           39      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        3603675     72.27%     89.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        547418     10.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       105661      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     314917528     53.38%     53.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      6460769      1.10%     54.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     54.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       991571      0.17%     54.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       279930      0.05%     54.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       234415      0.04%     54.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        55337      0.01%     54.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        59380      0.01%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        51267      0.01%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    188441371     31.94%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     78389974     13.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      589987203                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.663664                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             4986678                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.008452                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1529798059                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    634098098                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    584378173                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      6521741                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      3681950                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3186487                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      591546253                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3321967                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     58863091                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     10936176                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        77802                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       190148                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3638435                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       228127                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        16675                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4847126                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7773003                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2199543                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    608850793                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52588                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     190988608                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     80329230                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       317133                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1664289                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          7753                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       190148                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       532778                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       168675                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       701453                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     589000696                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     187581244                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       986507                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4581095                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            265795889                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         55168486                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           78214645                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.660883                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              588000982                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             587564660                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         421340498                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         479292532                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.656833                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.879088                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     34230462                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       528464                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       685785                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    346101724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.660805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.599237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    156774672     45.30%     45.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    101167511     29.23%     74.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     25499011      7.37%     81.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8641648      2.50%     84.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5559564      1.61%     86.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2633475      0.76%     86.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1883449      0.54%     87.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1528586      0.44%     87.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     42413808     12.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    346101724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    574807368                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      574807368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              256743227                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             180052432                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              211391                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           53898796                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2948214                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         563540101                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2852065                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      42413808                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            912713266                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1222933312                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  119656                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3682276                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           570521797                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             570521797                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     570521797                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.621591                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.621591                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.608775                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.608775                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        837400453                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       455686866                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           3367040                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1804102                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1272225                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         422784                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     66848                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8154.742333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     9097162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     74895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    121.465545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               27471231000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1614.283052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    75.995236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6464.207162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.202040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.054843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.197056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.009277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.789088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5651895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5651898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          3480601                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               3480601                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1387062                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1387062                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       7038957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7038960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7038957                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7038960                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        38372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 39316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        35445                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               35445                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        73817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  74761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        73817                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 74761                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64742250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2436366500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2501108750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2586750750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2586750750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64742250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5023117250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5087859500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64742250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5023117250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5087859500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5690267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5691214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3480601                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           3480601                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1422507                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1422507                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7112774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7113721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7112774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7113721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.006908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024917                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.024917                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.010509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.010509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68582.891949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63493.341499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63615.544562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72979.284807                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72979.284807                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68582.891949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68048.244307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68054.995252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68582.891949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68048.244307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68054.995252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                33399                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     33399                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        38372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            39316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        35445                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          35445                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             74761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            74761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53908750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1995720500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2049629250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2179612250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2179612250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53908750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4175332750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4229241500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53908750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4175332750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4229241500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.006908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.010509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57106.726695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52009.811842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52132.191729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61492.798702                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61492.798702                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57106.726695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56563.295040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56570.156900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57106.726695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56563.295040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56570.156900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  3823915584                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5691214                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5691213                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          3480601                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1422507                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1422507                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     17706149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     17708042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    677976000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 678036544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             678036544                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         8777762000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1649499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       10687052750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             6.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               623                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           502.536006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            65925457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          58084.103084                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      177312827750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   459.704385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    42.831622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.897860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.083656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65922242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        65922242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65922242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         65922242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65922242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        65922242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99629749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99629749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99629749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99629749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99629749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99629749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65923725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     65923725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65923725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     65923725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65923725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     65923725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67181.219825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67181.219825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67181.219825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67181.219825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67181.219825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67181.219825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          131                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    32.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          536                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          536                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65722501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65722501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65722501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65722501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65722501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65722501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69400.740232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69400.740232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69400.740232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69400.740232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69400.740232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69400.740232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           7112516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           334.402161                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           187473168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           7112852                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             26.356962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   334.395211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.006949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.653116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.653129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    115514361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       115514361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     71541848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       71541848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       204926                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       204926                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       211391                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       211391                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    187056209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        187056209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    187056209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       187056209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     12755718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      12755718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4937556                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4937556                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6467                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6467                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     17693274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       17693274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     17693274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      17693274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 144214221500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 144214221500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  76181006998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  76181006998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     87510250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     87510250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 220395228498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 220395228498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 220395228498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 220395228498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    128270079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    128270079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     76479404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     76479404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       211393                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       211393                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       211391                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       211391                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    204749483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    204749483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    204749483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    204749483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.099444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.099444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064561                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.064561                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030592                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.030592                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11305.848993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11305.848993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15428.889718                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15428.889718                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13531.815370                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13531.815370                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12456.441272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12456.441272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12456.441272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12456.441272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       751895                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             11342                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    66.292982                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3480601                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3480601                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7065216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7065216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3515287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3515287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         6464                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         6464                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10580503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10580503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10580503                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10580503                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5690502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5690502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1422269                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1422269                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7112771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7112771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7112771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7112771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  66459987500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  66459987500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18504013248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18504013248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  84964000748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  84964000748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  84964000748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  84964000748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018597                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018597                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11679.108012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11679.108012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13010.206401                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13010.206401                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11945.274317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11945.274317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11945.274317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11945.274317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
