
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.726926                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                726925885000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               726927596000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  64196                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    64196                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               20400188                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750248                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 35633.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287497135                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287497135                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        36224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       730496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               766720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        36224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           36224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       112256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            112256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 11980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1754                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1754                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        49832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      1004911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1054743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49832                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              49832                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            154426                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 154426                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            154426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        49832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      1004911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1209169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         11980                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1754                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          13734                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       766720                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    112256                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 766720                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 112256                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        1                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   893                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   529                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   523                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   682                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   838                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   576                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   850                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1293                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1167                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   662                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  551                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  584                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  590                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  709                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  993                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   160                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    33                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    17                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    23                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   140                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   397                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   334                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   136                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    9                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   41                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   31                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   30                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  140                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  255                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    726925648500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   11980                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1754                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1596.379562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     344.900042                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2812.441489                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            204     37.23%     37.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           49      8.94%     46.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           31      5.66%     51.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           20      3.65%     55.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           14      2.55%     58.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           14      2.55%     60.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            8      1.46%     62.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            7      1.28%     63.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            9      1.64%     64.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            5      0.91%     65.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            5      0.91%     66.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            6      1.09%     67.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           10      1.82%     69.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            5      0.91%     70.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            8      1.46%     72.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            9      1.64%     73.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            2      0.36%     74.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            1      0.18%     74.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            5      0.91%     75.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            4      0.73%     75.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            4      0.73%     76.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            3      0.55%     77.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            3      0.55%     77.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            2      0.36%     78.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            1      0.18%     78.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            2      0.36%     78.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            1      0.18%     78.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            2      0.36%     79.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            2      0.36%     79.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            3      0.55%     80.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            2      0.36%     80.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            1      0.18%     80.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            3      0.55%     81.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.18%     81.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            1      0.18%     81.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            3      0.55%     82.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            2      0.36%     82.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.18%     82.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            2      0.36%     83.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.18%     83.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            2      0.36%     83.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.18%     83.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.18%     83.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.18%     84.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.18%     84.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            2      0.36%     84.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.18%     84.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.18%     85.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.18%     85.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            1      0.18%     85.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.18%     85.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.18%     85.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.18%     85.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.18%     86.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.18%     86.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.18%     86.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.18%     86.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.18%     86.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.18%     87.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.18%     87.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.18%     87.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.18%     87.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.18%     87.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.18%     87.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.18%     88.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.55%     88.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           55     10.04%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9344-9345            1      0.18%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10560-10561            2      0.36%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10624-10625            1      0.18%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11008-11009            1      0.18%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13441            1      0.18%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13569            1      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       31586000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 260111000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     59895000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   168630000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2636.78                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14077.13                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21713.92                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.05                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.05                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.15                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.14                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11641                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1538                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  87.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     52928909.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1209169                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6138                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6138                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1754                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5842                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5842                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        25714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         25714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       878976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     878976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 878976                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            13883000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           56849000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77561642                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72544330                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4202829                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77279896                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        76999926                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.637719                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          266429                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           74                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100954648                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15144                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1100969792                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441347260                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1543                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441348803                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1542301908                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16687                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1542318595                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217784276                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               129                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217784405                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1453851770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    218094244                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2569924368                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77561642                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77266355                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357199628                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33137499                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      849612370                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           86                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3381                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217784276                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         29864                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1453771329                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.767764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.164009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1096571701     75.43%     75.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4474985      0.31%     75.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4245249      0.29%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            49745      0.00%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8696059      0.60%     76.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           552680      0.04%     76.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63501123      4.37%     81.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67183020      4.62%     85.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208496767     14.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1453771329                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.053349                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.767666                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        340835121                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     730852192                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         134653317                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     218569376                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28861322                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4750421                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           307                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2538142374                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           949                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28861322                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        352449782                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       112029237                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15955969                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341866931                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     602608087                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2520195404                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            60                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          18094                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     598380213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967739589                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3599362768                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3594271289                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5091479                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1785318018                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182421571                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1053486                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         995777978                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1150029290                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470395696                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641340149                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    315860690                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509778221                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          226                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2390853952                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9286                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    222273541                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    194410588                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1453771329                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.644587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    295829798     20.35%     20.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    405036002     27.86%     48.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    425097604     29.24%     77.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    184724357     12.71%     90.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    134578083      9.26%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8188673      0.56%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32365      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       275792      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8655      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1453771329                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14614      0.37%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          201      0.01%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             4      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         283164      7.14%      7.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3666921     92.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       523655      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     718365715     30.05%     30.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118514330      4.96%     35.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1335159      0.06%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2225      0.00%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       791219      0.03%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11614      0.00%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262573      0.01%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1109420230     46.40%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441627232     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2390853952                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.644496                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3964904                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6231461792                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2728126202                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2377468732                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7991631                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4002067                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3995588                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2390299283                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3995918                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439385859                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106627739                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4638                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        77143                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41179664                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          841                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28861322                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          540856                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         18456                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2510063377                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7002                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1150029290                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470395696                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          138                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           6088                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          6287                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        77143                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4199729                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3709                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4203438                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2382107360                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1100969794                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8746592                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                284930                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1542318613                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         72999106                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441348819                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.638480                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2381516466                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2381464320                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1812520130                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1813513965                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.638038                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999452                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    222290175                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4202534                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1424910007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.605554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.318133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    588247517     41.28%     41.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    457113072     32.08%     73.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    132979848      9.33%     82.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9189207      0.64%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33638      0.00%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62660825      4.40%     87.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     59243117      4.16%     91.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     55310132      3.88%     95.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     60132651      4.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1424910007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287769900                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287769900                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472617583                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043401551                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72701086                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3991275                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2281160080                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      60132651                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3874834246                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5048984449                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    2096                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                   80441                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287493744                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287493744                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287493744                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.635565                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.635565                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.573402                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.573402                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3387321094                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1863963823                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2705270                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2673662                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          546767                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         261980                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4093                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8042.488305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       33797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12140                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.783937                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5516.122107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    41.774236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2484.492943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.078801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.020218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.673355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.005099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.303283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.981749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   15325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            24310                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 24310                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6345                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  6345                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         21670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    21670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        21670                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   21670                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5842                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5842                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  11981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          567                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11414                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 11981                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41046250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    343156250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       384202500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    373000500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     373000500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41046250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    716156750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        757203000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41046250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    716156750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       757203000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        20897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               21464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        24310                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             24310                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        12187                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             12187                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        33084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                33651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        33084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               33651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.266641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.286014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.479363                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.479363                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.345001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.356037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.345001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.356037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72391.975309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61585.830940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62583.889884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63848.082848                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63848.082848                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72391.975309                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62743.713860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63200.317169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72391.975309                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62743.713860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63200.317169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1754                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1754                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5842                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5842                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             11981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            11981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34543750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    279127750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    313671500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    305873500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    305873500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34543750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    585001250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    619545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34543750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    585001250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    619545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.266641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.286014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.479363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.345001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.356037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.345001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.356037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60923.721340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50094.714645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51094.885160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52357.668607                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52357.668607                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60923.721340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51252.956895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51710.625156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60923.721340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51252.956895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51710.625156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                     5102914                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              21464                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             21463                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            24310                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            12187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           12187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side        90478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                        91611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        36224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      3673216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   3709440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               3709440                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           53290500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            987250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          52426000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           460.957725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217786654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          288459.144371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   337.938215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   123.019510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.660036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.240272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217783439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217783439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217783439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217783439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217783439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217783439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     59298000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     59298000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     59298000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     59298000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     59298000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     59298000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217784276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217784276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217784276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217784276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217784276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217784276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70845.878136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70845.878136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70845.878136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70845.878136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70845.878136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70845.878136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          270                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          270                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41614750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41614750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41614750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41614750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41614750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41614750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73394.620811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73394.620811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73394.620811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73394.620811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73394.620811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73394.620811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             32650                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.963276                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1090700761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             33162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          32890.077830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         168515750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.961581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    661516303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       661516303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    429183668                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      429183668                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090699971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1090699971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090699971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1090699971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        51689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         51689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        32287                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        32287                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        83976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          83976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        83976                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         83976                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2354226500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2354226500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1734217627                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1734217627                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4088444127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4088444127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4088444127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4088444127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661567992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661567992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429215955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429215955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090783947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090783947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090783947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090783947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000075                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45545.986574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45545.986574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53712.566265                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53712.566265                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48685.864140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48685.864140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48685.864140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48685.864140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6368                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               202                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.524752                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        24310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             24310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        30786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        30786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        20109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        20109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        50895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        50895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        50895                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        50895                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        20903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        33081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        33081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        33081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        33081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    518000250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    518000250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    448874999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    448874999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    966875249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    966875249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    966875249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    966875249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24781.143855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24781.143855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36859.500657                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36859.500657                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29227.509719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29227.509719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29227.509719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29227.509719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
