
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.726770                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                726769644500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               726771355500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  71800                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    71800                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               22815866                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 749416                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 31853.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287097435                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287097435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        35264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       739648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               774912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        35264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           35264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       113408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            113408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 12108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1772                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1772                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        48522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      1017720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1066242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        48522                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              48522                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            156044                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 156044                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            156044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        48522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      1017720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1222286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         12108                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1772                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          13880                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       774912                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    113408                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 774912                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 113408                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        6                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   849                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   528                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   528                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   735                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   863                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   575                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   904                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1241                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1170                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   660                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  555                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  641                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  617                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  723                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  974                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   129                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     4                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    58                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    27                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    22                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   191                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   349                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   334                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   134                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                   10                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   68                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   41                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   23                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  145                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  232                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    726769415000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   12108                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1772                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1581.878136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     342.493251                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2771.690253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            206     36.92%     36.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           54      9.68%     46.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           27      4.84%     51.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           28      5.02%     56.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           10      1.79%     58.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           17      3.05%     61.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           10      1.79%     63.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           10      1.79%     64.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            4      0.72%     65.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            7      1.25%     66.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            1      0.18%     67.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            7      1.25%     68.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            5      0.90%     69.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            4      0.72%     69.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            4      0.72%     70.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            6      1.08%     71.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            8      1.43%     73.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            9      1.61%     74.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            2      0.36%     75.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            6      1.08%     76.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            6      1.08%     77.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            5      0.90%     78.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            3      0.54%     78.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            1      0.18%     78.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            1      0.18%     79.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            2      0.36%     79.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            2      0.36%     79.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            1      0.18%     79.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.18%     80.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            1      0.18%     80.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.18%     80.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            1      0.18%     80.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            2      0.36%     81.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.18%     81.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            4      0.72%     81.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            1      0.18%     82.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.18%     82.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            2      0.36%     82.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.54%     83.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.18%     83.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            1      0.18%     83.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.36%     83.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            2      0.36%     84.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.18%     84.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            2      0.36%     84.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.18%     84.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.18%     85.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            3      0.54%     85.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            1      0.18%     85.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            2      0.36%     86.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.18%     86.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.18%     86.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.18%     86.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.18%     86.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.18%     87.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.18%     87.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.18%     87.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.18%     87.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.18%     87.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.18%     87.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            1      0.18%     88.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.18%     88.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.18%     88.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.54%     89.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           55      9.86%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8640-8641            1      0.18%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9920-9921            1      0.18%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10497            1      0.18%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10753            1      0.18%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11648-11649            1      0.18%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13056-13057            1      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       35897500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 266921250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     60510000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   170513750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2966.25                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14089.72                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  22055.96                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.07                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.07                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.16                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.53                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11756                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1559                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  87.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     52360908.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1222286                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1772                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5943                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5943                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        25988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         25988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       888320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     888320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 888320                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            14028000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           57455250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77509772                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72499820                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4196911                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77240517                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        76960489                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.637460                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          265681                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           72                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100797962                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15148                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1100813110                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441313315                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1541                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441314856                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1542111277                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16689                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1542127966                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217671603                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               127                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217671730                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1453539289                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    217976029                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2569072052                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77509772                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77226170                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357055875                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33077514                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      849607577                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           87                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3350                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           52                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217671603                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         26099                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1453456269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.767561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.163941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1096400394     75.43%     75.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4471421      0.31%     75.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4239468      0.29%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            20876      0.00%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8691487      0.60%     76.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           532463      0.04%     76.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63499352      4.37%     81.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67171772      4.62%     85.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208429036     14.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1453456269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.053325                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.767460                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        340706929                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     730851508                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         134522610                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     218562214                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28813007                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4744005                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           305                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2537328297                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           947                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28813007                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        352315419                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       112019358                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15978614                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341735979                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     602593891                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2519415686                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            85                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          14973                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     598368954                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967060285                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3598334547                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3593237425                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5097122                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1784969328                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182090957                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1054445                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          136                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         995746389                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1149839262                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470345160                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641263583                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    315870739                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509065043                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          226                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2390291485                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8986                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    221966044                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    194173516                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1453456269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.644557                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    295730075     20.35%     20.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    404976931     27.86%     48.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    425042597     29.24%     77.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    184677897     12.71%     90.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    134551034      9.26%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8166848      0.56%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27347      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       275109      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8431      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1453456269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14751      0.37%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          331      0.01%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             2      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         280067      7.07%      7.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3667194     92.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       524295      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     718000129     30.04%     30.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118511798      4.96%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1336799      0.06%     35.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2228      0.00%     35.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       792187      0.03%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11628      0.00%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262895      0.01%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1109258032     46.41%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441591494     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2390291485                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.644463                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3962345                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6230009018                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2727094895                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2376924712                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      8001552                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4006385                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4000476                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2389728593                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         4000942                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439329826                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106545641                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2595                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        70746                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41155498                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          964                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28813007                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          542208                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         17489                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2509350244                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5910                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1149839262                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470345160                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          139                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           6358                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          5102                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        70746                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4196483                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          888                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4197371                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2381557221                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1100813112                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8734264                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                284975                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1542127979                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         72969993                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441314867                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.638454                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2380972982                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2380925188                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1812054326                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1813042733                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.638019                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999455                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    221976685                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4196619                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1424643262                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.605574                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.318123                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    588124912     41.28%     41.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    457033399     32.08%     73.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    132955905      9.33%     82.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9187268      0.64%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31364      0.00%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62656355      4.40%     87.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     59236613      4.16%     91.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     55302970      3.88%     95.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     60114476      4.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1424643262                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287370520                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287370520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472483283                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043293621                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72675806                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3996075                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2280760700                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      60114476                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3873872806                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5047509849                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    2060                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                   83020                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287094044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287094044                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287094044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.635540                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.635540                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.573466                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.573466                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3386607924                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1863478849                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2708593                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2676939                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          547438                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         262300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4188                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7984.780618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       32191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12194                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.639905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                 411665500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5482.899541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    35.017027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2466.761077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.082282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.020692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.669299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.301118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.974705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   14022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            24029                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 24029                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         5904                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  5904                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         19926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    19926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        19926                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   19926                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5943                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5943                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  12109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          552                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11557                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 12109                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40944500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    347536250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       388480750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    380798000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     380798000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40944500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    728334250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        769278750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40944500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    728334250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       769278750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        19636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               20188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        24029                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             24029                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11847                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11847                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        31483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                32035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        31483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               32035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.285903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.305429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.501646                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.501646                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.367087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.377993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.367087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.377993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74174.818841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61905.281439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63003.689588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64075.046273                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64075.046273                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74174.818841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63021.047850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63529.502849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74174.818841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63021.047850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63529.502849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1772                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1772                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5943                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5943                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             12109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            12109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34615500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    283027750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    317643250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    312509000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    312509000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34615500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    595536750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    630152250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34615500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    595536750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    630152250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.285903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.305429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.501646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.501646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.367087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.377993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.367087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.377993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62709.239130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50414.633060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51515.285436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52584.384991                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52584.384991                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62709.239130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51530.392836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52039.990916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62709.239130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51530.392836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52039.990916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                     4936959                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              20188                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             20187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            24029                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11847                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11847                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1103                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side        86995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                        88098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        35264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      3552768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   3588032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               3588032                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           52061000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            960500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          50057750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               240                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           456.981107                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217673987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               740                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          294154.036486                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   330.975939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   126.005168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.646437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.246104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.892541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217670772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217670772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217670772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217670772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217670772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217670772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          831                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           831                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63891250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63891250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63891250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63891250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63891250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63891250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217671603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217671603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217671603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217671603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217671603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217671603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76884.777377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76884.777377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76884.777377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76884.777377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76884.777377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76884.777377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          499                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          499                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          279                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          279                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41497000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41497000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41497000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41497000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75175.724638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75175.724638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75175.724638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75175.724638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75175.724638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75175.724638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             31049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.952170                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1090568837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             31561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          34554.318209                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         194815250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.946123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.006047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    661413125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       661413125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    429154921                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      429154921                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090568046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1090568046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090568046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1090568046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         54128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        34664                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        34664                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        88792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          88792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        88792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         88792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2388235000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2388235000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1772554590                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1772554590                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       365000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       365000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4160789590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4160789590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4160789590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4160789590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661467253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661467253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429189585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429189585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090656838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090656838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090656838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090656838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076923                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.076923                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44121.988620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44121.988620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51135.315890                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51135.315890                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60833.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60833.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46859.960244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46859.960244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46859.960244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46859.960244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7489                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               253                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.600791                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        24029                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             24029                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        34400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        34400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        22912                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        22912                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        57312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        57312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        19728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        31480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        31480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    508698250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    508698250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    451087249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    451087249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       188500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       188500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    959785499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    959785499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    959785499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    959785499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25785.596614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25785.596614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38383.870745                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38383.870745                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62833.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62833.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30488.738850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30488.738850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30488.738850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30488.738850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
