
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.220271                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                220270592000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               220272303000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  36205                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36205                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11558508                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750128                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 19057.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   689966471                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     689966471                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        34944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       203712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               238656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        34944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           34944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks          640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total               640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks              10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                   10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       158641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       924826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1083467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       158641                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             158641                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks              2906                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                   2906                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks              2906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       158641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       924826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1086373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          3729                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                           10                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           3739                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       238656                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                       640                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 238656                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                    640                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   149                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   140                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   139                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   221                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   401                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   180                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   449                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   505                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   322                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   167                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  309                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  154                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  156                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  148                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  156                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  133                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    220270312500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    3729                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                     10                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      2155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          168                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1344.380952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     247.035200                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2649.552207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65             83     49.40%     49.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           11      6.55%     55.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193            6      3.57%     59.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257            9      5.36%     64.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321            4      2.38%     67.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385            6      3.57%     70.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            3      1.79%     72.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            3      1.79%     74.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            3      1.79%     76.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            1      0.60%     76.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            4      2.38%     79.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            1      0.60%     79.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            1      0.60%     80.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            1      0.60%     80.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            1      0.60%     81.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      1.19%     82.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            3      1.79%     84.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.60%     85.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.60%     85.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.60%     86.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.60%     86.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.60%     87.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.60%     88.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.60%     88.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            1      0.60%     89.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           18     10.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            168                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                        8009250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  79963000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     18645000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    53308750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2147.83                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14295.72                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21443.55                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.08                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.08                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         8.99                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       3561                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                   0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     58911557.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1086373                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1938                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1938                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1791                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1791                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side         7468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                          7468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       239296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     239296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 239296                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1909500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           17704000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        23398228                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     21880338                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      1267586                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     23310819                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        23222969                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.623136                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           82470                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           79                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            332045146                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                199                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        332045345                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           133102949                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1421                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       133104370                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            465148095                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               1620                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        465149715                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            65682590                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               128                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        65682718                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                440541184                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     65783688                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              775090084                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            23398228                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     23305439                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             107733967                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         9990843                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      258242451                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           85                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3373                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          65682590                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          8777                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    440465064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.759708                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.159039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        332731097     75.54%     75.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1351281      0.31%     75.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1284334      0.29%     76.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            11589      0.00%     76.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          2626235      0.60%     76.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           163507      0.04%     76.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         19152291      4.35%     81.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         20258693      4.60%     85.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         62886037     14.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    440465064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.053112                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.759404                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        102888693                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     222336527                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          40647337                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      65891338                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        8701168                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      1435085                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           333                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      765535651                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1019                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        8701168                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        106446479                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        35447647                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4818331                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         103075464                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     181975974                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      760126980                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          11452                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     180676236                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    593501837                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1085631901                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1084022374                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1609527                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     538507450                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         54994387                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       318019                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         300595011                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    346839420                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    141869325                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    193410467                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     95343104                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          756987036                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          226                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         721110673                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2874                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     67021185                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     58648759                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           49                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    440465064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.637157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.234595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     90964331     20.65%     20.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    122648246     27.85%     48.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    128057179     29.07%     77.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     55642461     12.63%     90.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     40527661      9.20%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2529718      0.57%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9692      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        82908      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2868      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    440465064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            4252      0.36%      0.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          204      0.02%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             4      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead          85528      7.23%      7.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1092992     92.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       158033      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     216677665     30.05%     30.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     35743129      4.96%     35.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       421085      0.06%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2221      0.00%     35.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       242777      0.03%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11616      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        79761      0.01%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    334586175     46.40%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    133188211     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      721110673                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.636875                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1182980                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001640                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1881370331                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    822776708                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    717028688                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      2501933                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1253948                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1250758                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      720884548                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1251072                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    132505468                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     32151066                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1081                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        22432                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     12422292                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1065                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        8701168                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         1189806                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        184664                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    757078731                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     346839420                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    141869325                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          137                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           2114                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        167378                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        22432                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1266036                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1463                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      1267499                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     718477359                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     332045349                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2633314                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 91469                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            465149720                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         22023161                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          133104371                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.630897                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              718291918                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             718279446                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         546622653                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         546949647                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.630448                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999402                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     67026055                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          177                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1267271                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    431763896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.598216                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.314795                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179286800     41.52%     41.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    137955933     31.95%     73.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     40188358      9.31%     82.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2765533      0.64%     83.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        12639      0.00%     83.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     18898245      4.38%     87.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     17823238      4.13%     91.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     16723616      3.87%     95.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     18109534      4.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    431763896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    690052041                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      690052041                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              444135387                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             314688354                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           21932223                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            1249110                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         688024107                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        81680                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      18109534                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1170730950                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1522858190                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   28379                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                   76120                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           689963080                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             689963080                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     689963080                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.638500                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.638500                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.566172                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.566172                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1021619811                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       562164731                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            874482                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           845524                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          181136                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          79169                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                        11                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3611.682950                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      202416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     51.968164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2110.228356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   387.276331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   878.178042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        188.000098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         48.000123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.257596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.047275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.107199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.022949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.005859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.440879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        98750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   98807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           105426                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                105426                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         5616                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  5616                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            57                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        104366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   104423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           57                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       104366                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  104423                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  1939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1791                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1791                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          547                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3183                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3730                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35900000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85442000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       121342000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    113357000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     113357000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35900000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    198799000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        234699000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35900000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    198799000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       234699000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       100142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              100746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       105426                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            105426                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         7407                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              7407                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       107549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               108153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       107549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              108153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.019246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.241798                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.241798                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.034488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.034488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65630.712980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61380.747126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62579.680248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63292.573981                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63292.573981                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65630.712980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62456.487590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62921.983914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65630.712980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62456.487590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62921.983914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   10                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        10                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             1939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29624000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69442000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99066000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     92767000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92767000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    162209000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    191833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29624000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    162209000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    191833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.019246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.241798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.034488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.034488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54157.221207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49886.494253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51091.284167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51796.203238                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51796.203238                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54157.221207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50961.043041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51429.758713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54157.221207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50961.043041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51429.758713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                    62055456                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             100746                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            100745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           105426                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             7407                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            7407                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       320524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       321731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        38592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     13630400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  13668992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              13668992                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          212215500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1039999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         162109000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               292                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           462.669426                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            65684944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          82935.535354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   346.437428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   116.231997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.676636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.227016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.903651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65681729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        65681729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65681729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         65681729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65681729                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        65681729                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50815249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50815249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50815249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50815249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50815249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50815249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65682590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     65682590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65682590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     65682590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65682590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     65682590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59018.872242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59018.872242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59018.872242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59018.872242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59018.872242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59018.872242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          168                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           42                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     37077001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37077001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     37077001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37077001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     37077001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37077001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61385.763245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61385.763245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61385.763245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61385.763245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61385.763245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61385.763245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            107201                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           425.549841                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           328860337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            107627                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs           3055.556106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   425.544313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.005528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.831141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.831152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    199428715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       199428715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    129430832                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      129430832                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    328859547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        328859547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    328859547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       328859547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       110018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        110018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16124                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        16124                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       126142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         126142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       126142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        126142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1889476000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1889476000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    683753801                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    683753801                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       171250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       171250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2573229801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2573229801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2573229801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2573229801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    199538733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    199538733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    129446956                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    129446956                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    328985689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    328985689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    328985689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    328985689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17174.244215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17174.244215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42405.966323                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42405.966323                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24464.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24464.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20399.468860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20399.468860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20399.468860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20399.468860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5814                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               350                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.611429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       105426                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            105426                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         9879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         8717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         8717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        18596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        18596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       100139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       107546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       107546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       107546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       107546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1173874500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1173874500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    177018249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    177018249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1350892749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1350892749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1350892749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1350892749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11722.450793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11722.450793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23898.778048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23898.778048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12561.069208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12561.069208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12561.069208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12561.069208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
