
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.125565                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                125565444000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               125567155000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  25506                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    25506                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8252412                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750444                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15215.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   388088441                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     388088441                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        58560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       525760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               584320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        58560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           58560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        37568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total             37568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         8215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  9130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks             587                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                  587                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       466370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      4187139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 4653510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       466370                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             466370                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            299191                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 299191                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            299191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       466370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      4187139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4952700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          9130                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                          587                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           9717                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       584320                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                     37568                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 584320                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                  37568                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       14                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   406                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   527                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   396                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   464                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   724                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   598                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   805                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   854                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   583                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   543                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  577                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  548                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  507                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  569                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  601                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  414                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     4                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     4                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    56                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   189                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                    95                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     9                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                    15                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    7                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   12                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   37                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   74                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                   75                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    125565152500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    9130                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                    587                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      4169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2003                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1324.868817                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     269.360838                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2578.446385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            189     40.65%     40.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           59     12.69%     53.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           29      6.24%     59.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           15      3.23%     62.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           14      3.01%     65.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           11      2.37%     68.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            4      0.86%     69.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            7      1.51%     70.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            9      1.94%     72.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           11      2.37%     74.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            6      1.29%     76.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            3      0.65%     76.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            4      0.86%     77.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            4      0.86%     78.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            1      0.22%     78.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            3      0.65%     79.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            1      0.22%     79.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            4      0.86%     80.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            1      0.22%     80.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            1      0.22%     80.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            2      0.43%     81.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            1      0.22%     81.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            1      0.22%     81.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            2      0.43%     82.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            1      0.22%     82.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            1      0.22%     82.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            1      0.22%     82.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.22%     83.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.43%     83.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.22%     83.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            1      0.22%     83.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.22%     84.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            2      0.43%     84.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.22%     84.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.22%     84.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            2      0.43%     85.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.22%     85.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            3      0.65%     86.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.22%     86.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.22%     86.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            2      0.43%     87.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.43%     87.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.22%     87.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            1      0.22%     87.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.22%     88.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.22%     88.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.22%     88.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.22%     88.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.22%     89.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.43%     89.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           49     10.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       79016500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 195037750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     45580000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    70441250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8667.89                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     7727.21                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21395.10                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.65                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   4.65                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.30                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         9.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       8803                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                       423                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   96.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  72.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     12922213.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      4952700                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2385                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2385                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               587                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6745                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6745                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        18847                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         18847                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       621888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     621888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 621888                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             7206500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43337750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        50592098                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     40260367                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       645920                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     39830269                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        31086226                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     78.046739                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2832839                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         8869                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            113103801                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                347                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        113104148                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            53600469                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2290                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        53602759                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            166704270                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2637                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        166706907                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            49880152                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               544                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        49880696                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                98014                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                251131889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     50368949                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              431637923                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            50592098                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     33919065                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              76160085                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         5177940                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      119839760                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           94                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        12080                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          49880152                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        234664                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    250752994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.721367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.938969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        174592909     69.63%     69.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5421739      2.16%     71.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6157191      2.46%     74.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          7891373      3.15%     77.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          6065712      2.42%     79.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          7527580      3.00%     82.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          5541149      2.21%     85.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5362687      2.14%     87.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         32192654     12.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    250752994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.201456                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.718770                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         61660702                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     109050722                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          66796609                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8880276                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4364684                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      5890532                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          7352                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      428684065                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1229                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4364684                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         68186101                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        23469519                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     44214546                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          68812456                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      41705687                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      425642605                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents             3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       11082790                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      25587105                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    318430652                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     599535159                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    595436853                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      4098306                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     292349621                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         26081031                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1262594                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       294303                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          87258513                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    115617969                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     55375724                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     36548699                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13646403                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          418020915                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       490534                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         406329662                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       369481                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     29463863                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     20927947                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          387                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250752994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.620438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.718906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     83738100     33.39%     33.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     61097903     24.37%     57.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     41786899     16.66%     74.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     27976474     11.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     17348672      6.92%     92.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     10210964      4.07%     96.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4253635      1.70%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2965555      1.18%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1374792      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250752994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          782418     25.65%     25.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           3120      0.10%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            11      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1737705     56.96%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        527234     17.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        97996      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     233525851     57.47%     57.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      4022950      0.99%     58.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       641808      0.16%     58.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       181120      0.04%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       150221      0.04%     58.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        35798      0.01%     58.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        37869      0.01%     58.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        31837      0.01%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    113837638     28.02%     86.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     53766574     13.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      406329662                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.617993                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3050528                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007508                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1062001278                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    445341091                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    401794577                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      4831049                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2752453                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2343803                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      406808432                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         2473762                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     28914782                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8970172                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        78361                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       122117                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3729441                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       260790                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        65432                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4364684                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6442242                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1798409                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    422747802                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        51458                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     115617969                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     55375724                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       294295                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1396189                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          2475                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       122117                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       437514                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       216909                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       654423                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     405486319                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     113104152                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       843343                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4236353                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            166706911                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         47993324                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           53602759                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.614635                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              404485491                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             404138380                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         272513446                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         324656483                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.609267                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.839390                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     31128769                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       490147                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       638592                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246388310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.590691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.636849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    126243420     51.24%     51.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     61600752     25.00%     76.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14768573      5.99%     82.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4696581      1.91%     84.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3859683      1.57%     85.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2018605      0.82%     86.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1558798      0.63%     87.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1319755      0.54%     87.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     30322143     12.31%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246388310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    391927615                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      391927615                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              158294080                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             106647797                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              196065                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           46500930                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2141394                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         382022528                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2613969                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      30322143                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            639120211                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           850485230                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   35950                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  378895                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           388085050                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             388085050                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     388085050                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.647105                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.647105                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.545344                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.545344                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        572493019                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       304419132                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2459263                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1172397                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1180286                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         392131                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      1327                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7842.670764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    10289458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      9147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                   1124.899749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6239.928138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   414.665231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1119.522816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         64.716815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          3.837764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.761710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.050618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.136660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.957357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5152992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5153051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5143341                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5143341                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1321276                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1321276                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            59                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       6474268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6474327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           59                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6474268                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6474327                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  2386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6745                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6745                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   9131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          916                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8215                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  9131                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     90256750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       153517750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    420224000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     420224000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63261000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    510480750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        573741750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63261000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    510480750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       573741750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5154462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5155437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5143341                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5143341                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1328021                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1328021                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6482483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              6483458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6482483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             6483458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.939487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.000463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005079                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.005079                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.939487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.001408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.939487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.001408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69062.227074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61399.149660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64341.051970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62301.556709                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62301.556709                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69062.227074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62140.079124                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62834.492389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69062.227074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62140.079124                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62834.492389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  587                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       587                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             2386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6745                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6745                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              9131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             9131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52746000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73388250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126134250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    342672000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    342672000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52746000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    416060250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    468806250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52746000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    416060250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    468806250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.939487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.939487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.001408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.939487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.001408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57582.969432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49923.979592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52864.312657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50803.854707                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50803.854707                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57582.969432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50646.409008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51342.268098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57582.969432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50646.409008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51342.268098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  5926113493                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5155437                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5155436                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5143341                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1328021                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1328021                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     18108307                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     18110256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        62336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    744052736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 744115072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             744115072                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        10956740500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              8.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1686249                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        9725751250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               651                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.587234                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            49881870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          42890.687876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      125563766750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   466.936294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    40.650940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.911985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.079396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49878655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        49878655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49878655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         49878655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49878655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        49878655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1497                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1497                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95704499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95704499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95704499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95704499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95704499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95704499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49880152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     49880152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49880152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     49880152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49880152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     49880152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63930.861055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63930.861055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63930.861055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63930.861055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63930.861055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63930.861055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    38.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64831251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64831251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64831251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64831251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64831251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64831251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66493.590769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66493.590769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66493.590769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66493.590769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66493.590769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66493.590769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6482094                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           463.719760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           119406258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6482561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             18.419612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   463.710064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.009697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.905684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.905703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     72064358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        72064358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     46951954                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       46951954                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       193239                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       193239                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       196065                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       196065                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    119016312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        119016312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    119016312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       119016312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11609958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      11609958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4498264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4498264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2828                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2828                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     16108222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16108222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     16108222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16108222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 126309917500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 126309917500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  62353105920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  62353105920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38354000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     38354000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 188663023420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 188663023420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 188663023420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 188663023420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     83674316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     83674316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51450218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     51450218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       196067                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       196067                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       196065                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       196065                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    135124534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    135124534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    135124534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    135124534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.138752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.138752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087429                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.087429                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014424                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014424                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.119210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.119210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10879.446549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10879.446549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13861.593255                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13861.593255                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13562.234795                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13562.234795                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11712.218979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11712.218979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11712.218979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11712.218979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       358820                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             58108                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     6.175053                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5143341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5143341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6455361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6455361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3170381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3170381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2825                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         2825                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9625742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      9625742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9625742                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      9625742                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5154597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5154597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1327883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1327883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6482480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6482480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6482480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6482480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  58433798250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58433798250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15595795998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15595795998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  74029594248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  74029594248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  74029594248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  74029594248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025809                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025809                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11336.249614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11336.249614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11744.857038                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11744.857038                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11419.949502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11419.949502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11419.949502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11419.949502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
