
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.729401                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                729400992500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               729402703500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  73538                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    73538                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               23448177                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 31106.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287531740                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287531740                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        36160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       732352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               768512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        36160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           36160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       115968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            115968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 12008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1812                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1812                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        49575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      1004046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1053621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49575                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              49575                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            158991                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 158991                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            158991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        49575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      1004046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1212611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         12008                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1812                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          13820                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       768512                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    115968                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 768512                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 115968                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        5                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   897                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   528                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   523                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   679                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   839                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   576                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   881                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1294                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1145                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   662                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  551                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  591                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  595                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  711                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  992                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   164                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     4                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    30                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    18                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    23                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   172                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   401                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   341                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   136                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    9                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   48                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   35                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   32                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  142                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  254                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    729400751500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   12008                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1812                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          547                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1606.786106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     351.486078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2786.024745                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            206     37.66%     37.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           44      8.04%     45.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           29      5.30%     51.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           22      4.02%     55.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           13      2.38%     57.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           15      2.74%     60.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            9      1.65%     61.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            7      1.28%     63.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            4      0.73%     63.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            5      0.91%     64.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            2      0.37%     65.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            5      0.91%     66.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           13      2.38%     68.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            6      1.10%     69.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            4      0.73%     70.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            7      1.28%     71.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            6      1.10%     72.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            6      1.10%     73.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            1      0.18%     73.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            7      1.28%     75.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            3      0.55%     75.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            7      1.28%     76.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            2      0.37%     77.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            3      0.55%     77.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            1      0.18%     78.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            3      0.55%     78.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            2      0.37%     78.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            1      0.18%     79.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            2      0.37%     79.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            1      0.18%     79.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.18%     79.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            1      0.18%     80.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            4      0.73%     80.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.18%     80.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.37%     81.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            1      0.18%     81.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            3      0.55%     82.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.18%     82.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            2      0.37%     82.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.18%     82.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.18%     83.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.18%     83.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.37%     83.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.18%     83.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.18%     83.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.18%     84.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.18%     84.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            2      0.37%     84.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.18%     84.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.18%     85.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            2      0.37%     85.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.18%     85.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.18%     85.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.18%     85.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.18%     86.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.18%     86.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            1      0.18%     86.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.18%     86.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            3      0.55%     87.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.18%     87.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.18%     87.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.18%     87.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.18%     87.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.18%     88.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.18%     88.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.55%     88.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           55     10.05%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9856-9857            1      0.18%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10624-10625            3      0.55%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13313            1      0.18%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13569            1      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            547                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       34836750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 263894250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     60015000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   169042500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2902.34                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14083.35                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21985.69                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.05                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.05                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.16                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.23                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11665                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1585                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     52778636.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1212611                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6148                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6148                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1812                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5860                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5860                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        25828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         25828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       884480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     884480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 884480                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            14158000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           56980250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77565481                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72548100                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4203213                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77283184                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        77003217                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.637739                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          266202                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           74                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100963808                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15152                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1100978960                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441344123                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1540                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441345663                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1542307931                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16692                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1542324623                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217793413                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               129                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217793542                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1458801985                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    218104312                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2569931191                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77565481                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77269419                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357203694                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33142598                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      854493194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           86                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3381                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217793413                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         30116                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1458670625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.761831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.160341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1101466931     75.51%     75.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4475358      0.31%     75.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4245625      0.29%     76.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            52244      0.00%     76.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8696398      0.60%     76.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           554562      0.04%     76.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63501326      4.35%     81.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67183955      4.61%     85.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208494226     14.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1458670625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.053171                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.761672                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        341036732                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     735533308                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         134706961                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     218527963                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28865660                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4750709                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           307                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2538215194                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           948                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28865660                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        352756984                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       116109589                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15955220                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341786408                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     603196763                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2520270862                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            59                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          18641                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     598907567                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967809703                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3599457058                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3594366036                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5091022                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1785348231                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182461472                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1053404                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         996328188                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1150043766                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470405188                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641351636                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    316021223                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509853701                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          226                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2390869684                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9182                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    222314153                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    194489257                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1458670625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.639074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.234106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    300073285     20.57%     20.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    406300232     27.85%     48.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    424656634     29.11%     77.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    184573092     12.65%     90.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    134410380      9.21%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8339949      0.57%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32518      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       275745      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8790      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1458670625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14682      0.37%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          201      0.01%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             4      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         284700      7.25%      7.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3626211     92.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       523601      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     718393708     30.05%     30.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118514661      4.96%     35.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1335024      0.06%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2225      0.00%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       791138      0.03%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11614      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262546      0.01%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1109411060     46.40%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441624107     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2390869684                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.638927                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3925798                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001642                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6236354150                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2728242824                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2377487362                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7990823                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4001718                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3995180                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2390276367                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3995514                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439396046                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106632903                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4823                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        77257                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41186843                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          963                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28865660                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         3008850                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        451667                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2510138867                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7102                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1150043766                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470405188                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          138                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           6104                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        396366                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        77257                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4200022                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3810                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4203832                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2382132454                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1100978962                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8737230                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                284940                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1542324641                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         73001515                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441345679                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.632937                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2381535073                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2381482542                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1812420760                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1813414611                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.632492                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999452                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    222331126                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4202918                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1429804965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.600082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.315681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    592848692     41.46%     41.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    457323327     31.99%     73.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    133166286      9.31%     82.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9154587      0.64%     83.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33893      0.00%     83.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62661169      4.38%     87.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     59138687      4.14%     91.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     55415313      3.88%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     60063011      4.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1429804965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287804478                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287804478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472629208                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043410863                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72703219                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3990870                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2281194658                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      60063011                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3879874373                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5049139740                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   52525                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  131360                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287528349                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287528349                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287528349                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.637720                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.637720                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.568087                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.568087                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3387341427                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1863983538                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2704997                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2673392                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          546713                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         261953                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4124                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8098.619733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      345244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     28.298689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5588.386832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    41.889947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2468.244230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.078712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.020012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.682176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.005114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.301299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.988601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       243640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  243640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           107436                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                107436                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17968                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 17968                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        261608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   261608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       261608                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  261608                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5860                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5860                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  12009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          566                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11443                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 12009                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40754750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    344424750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       385179500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    376930250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     376930250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40754750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    721355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        762109750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40754750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    721355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       762109750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       249223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              249789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       107436                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            107436                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23828                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             23828                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       273051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               273617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       273051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              273617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.024617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.245929                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.245929                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.043890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.043890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72004.858657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61691.698012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62640.998536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64322.568259                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64322.568259                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72004.858657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63038.975793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63461.549671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72004.858657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63038.975793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63461.549671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1812                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1812                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5860                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5860                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             12009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            12009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34264250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    280274250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    314538500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    309594750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    309594750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34264250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    589869000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    624133250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34264250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    589869000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    624133250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.024617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.245929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.245929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.043890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.043890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60537.544170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50201.370231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51152.789071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52831.868601                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52831.868601                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60537.544170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51548.457572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51972.125073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60537.544170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51548.457572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51972.125073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                    33434734                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             249789                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            249788                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           107436                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            23828                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           23828                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1131                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       653538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       654669                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        36160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     24351168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  24387328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              24387328                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          297962500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            985250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         412381250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               254                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           460.977039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217795787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               754                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          288853.828912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   337.968876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   123.008163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.660095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.240250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217792572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217792572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217792572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217792572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217792572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217792572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          841                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           841                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58493750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58493750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58493750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     58493750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58493750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     58493750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217793413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217793413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217793413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217793413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217793413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217793413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69552.615933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69552.615933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69552.615933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69552.615933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69552.615933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69552.615933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          275                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          275                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41322250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41322250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41322250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41322250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41322250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41322250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73007.508834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73007.508834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73007.508834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73007.508834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73007.508834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73007.508834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            272721                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           407.972358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1090461492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            273129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs           3992.477884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   407.970669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.796818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.796821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    661286362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       661286362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    429174340                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      429174340                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090460702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1090460702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090460702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1090460702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       280498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        280498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        43928                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        43928                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       324426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         324426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       324426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        324426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5334397500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5334397500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1903999110                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1903999110                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7238396610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7238396610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7238396610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7238396610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661566860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661566860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429218268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429218268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090785128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090785128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090785128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090785128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19017.595491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19017.595491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43343.632990                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43343.632990                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22311.394925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22311.394925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22311.394925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22311.394925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7118                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               224                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.776786                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       107436                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            107436                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        31255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        31255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        20123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        20123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        51378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        51378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        51378                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        51378                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       249243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       249243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        23805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       273048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       273048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       273048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       273048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3032024250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3032024250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    580585999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    580585999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3612610249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3612610249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3612610249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3612610249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12164.932415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12164.932415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24389.245915                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24389.245915                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13230.678302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13230.678302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13230.678302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13230.678302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
