
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.043896                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 43895670500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                43897381500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  27287                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    27287                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9899931                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750436                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4433.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   120988215                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     120988215                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      3595456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3645312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1352448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1352448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        56179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 56958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           21132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                21132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1135784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     81909126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                83044910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1135784                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1135784                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          30810510                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               30810510                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          30810510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1135784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     81909126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              113855420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         56958                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        21132                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          78090                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      3645312                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1352448                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                3645312                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1352448                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       31                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  3619                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  3647                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3729                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  3417                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  3488                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  3263                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  3502                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  3443                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  3511                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  3551                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 3763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 3583                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 3568                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 3639                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 3617                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 3587                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1343                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1345                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1338                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1235                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1211                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1253                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1409                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1254                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1249                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1295                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1366                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1352                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1371                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1362                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1388                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     43895396500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   56958                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  21132                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     33787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     11386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      7165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        16674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      299.134941                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     129.399444                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     788.436039                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           9128     54.74%     54.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         2493     14.95%     69.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1329      7.97%     77.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          723      4.34%     82.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          497      2.98%     84.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          419      2.51%     87.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          201      1.21%     88.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          171      1.03%     89.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          127      0.76%     90.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           99      0.59%     91.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           81      0.49%     91.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          112      0.67%     92.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           78      0.47%     92.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           67      0.40%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           42      0.25%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           68      0.41%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           44      0.26%     94.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           41      0.25%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           32      0.19%     94.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          108      0.65%     95.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           32      0.19%     95.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           19      0.11%     95.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          160      0.96%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          195      1.17%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            8      0.05%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            9      0.05%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           15      0.09%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            9      0.05%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            8      0.05%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           10      0.06%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           11      0.07%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           18      0.11%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            9      0.05%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            6      0.04%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            7      0.04%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           12      0.07%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            7      0.04%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           16      0.10%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            7      0.04%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            2      0.01%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            6      0.04%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            2      0.01%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            6      0.04%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            4      0.02%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            3      0.02%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            2      0.01%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            4      0.02%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            5      0.03%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            4      0.02%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            2      0.01%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            2      0.01%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            3      0.02%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.01%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            3      0.02%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            4      0.02%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            2      0.01%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.01%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            5      0.03%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            3      0.02%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            5      0.03%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            6      0.04%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.01%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.01%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            3      0.02%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            5      0.03%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            7      0.04%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            2      0.01%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            3      0.02%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            7      0.04%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            2      0.01%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            3      0.02%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.01%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            3      0.02%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            3      0.02%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            5      0.03%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            4      0.02%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            4      0.02%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            2      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            3      0.02%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            3      0.02%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.01%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.01%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            2      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            4      0.02%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            2      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            2      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            3      0.02%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            3      0.02%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            3      0.02%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.02%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           63      0.38%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8449            1      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9344-9345            1      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          16674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      831609500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1964839500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    284635000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   848595000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14608.35                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14906.72                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  34515.07                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          83.04                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          30.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  83.04                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  30.81                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.04                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.17                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      46820                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     14547                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   82.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  68.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       562112.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    113855420                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               32067                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              32067                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             21132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             24891                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            24891                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       135048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        135048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      4997760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    4997760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                4997760                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           123573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          270084500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         2949026                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      2859656                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       199287                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1263816                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1249415                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.860515                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           16690                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           80                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             55362991                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1206                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         55364197                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            17232258                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4255                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        17236513                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             72595249                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5461                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         72600710                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            10037630                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               135                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        10037765                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 87791341                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     10288564                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              136214026                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             2949026                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1266105                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              17862953                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1961004                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       55092851                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           90                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3449                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          10037630                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         28925                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     84939754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.603655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.170996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         67076801     78.97%     78.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           412282      0.49%     79.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           313210      0.37%     79.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            81533      0.10%     79.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            79855      0.09%     80.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            48812      0.06%     80.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            24403      0.03%     80.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1002037      1.18%     81.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         15900821     18.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     84939754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.033591                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.551566                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         17721403                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      47792094                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          10289034                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       7445706                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1691516                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        70169                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           332                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      135226264                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1049                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1691516                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         19609140                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        14284851                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1897317                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          15591993                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      31864936                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      134049468                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          2169                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         513815                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      30755242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    112801298                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     195553677                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    194169040                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1384637                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     101715588                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11085710                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        72585                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          151                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          55493170                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     57891785                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     18175031                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     36127491                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      8044171                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          133143250                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          261                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         126870518                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13935                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12075818                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10111936                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           71                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     84939754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.493653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19867876     23.39%     23.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30414262     35.81%     59.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16238901     19.12%     78.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     11271550     13.27%     91.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5756246      6.78%     98.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1226149      1.44%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145789      0.17%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        18507      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          474      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     84939754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             374      0.05%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             29      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.01%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         666005     97.46%     97.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         16918      2.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        27795      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      52080630     41.05%     41.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1343231      1.06%     42.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     42.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       368171      0.29%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        34402      0.03%     42.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       123958      0.10%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        26361      0.02%     42.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        28375      0.02%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     55575422     43.80%     86.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17262173     13.61%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      126870518                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.445137                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              683366                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005386                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    337687112                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144156611                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125502065                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1690979                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1128581                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       828516                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      126679986                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          846103                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     21914796                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5141136                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11784                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        66408                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1371028                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        17705                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1691516                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          785363                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         48826                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    133232359                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7307                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      57891785                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18175031                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           5264                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         10919                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        66408                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        72864                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       127572                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       200436                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     126595848                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      55364199                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       274670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 88848                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             72600712                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2570283                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           17236513                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.442008                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              126460988                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             126330581                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         105749316                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         106890795                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.438987                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.989321                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12160209                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       198970                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     83248238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.454147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.018644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27165697     32.63%     32.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     33702757     40.48%     73.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     12098390     14.53%     87.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1936457      2.33%     89.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1410790      1.69%     91.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       844599      1.01%     92.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       431408      0.52%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       373426      0.45%     93.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5284714      6.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     83248238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    121055205                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      121055205                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               69554652                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              52750649                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2437441                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             740711                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         120513212                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        16416                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       5284714                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            211164625                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           268125625                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   38957                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2851587                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           120984824                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             120984824                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     120984824                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.725639                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.725639                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.378095                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.378095                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        183619296                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       105969302                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            825930                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           658005                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           32163                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          14054                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     48998                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8138.776603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       35731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     57000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.626860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5559.112599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   108.689270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2469.952897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.811512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.210325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.678603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.013268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.301508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.993503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   32936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            27484                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 27484                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         35085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    35085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        35085                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   35085                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        31288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 32068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        24891                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               24891                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        56179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  56959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        56179                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 56959                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53473000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2411962500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2465435500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1862871000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1862871000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53473000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4274833500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4328306500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53473000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4274833500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4328306500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        64224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               65004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        27484                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             27484                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        27040                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             27040                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        91264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                92044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        91264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               92044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.487170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.493323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.920525                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.920525                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.615566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.618824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.615566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.618824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68555.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77089.059703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76881.486217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74841.147403                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74841.147403                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68555.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76093.086385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75989.861128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68555.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76093.086385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75989.861128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                21132                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     21132                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        31288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            32068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        24891                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          24891                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        56179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             56959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        56179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            56959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44522000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2052821500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2097343500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1576878000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1576878000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44522000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3629699500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3674221500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44522000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3629699500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3674221500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.487170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.493323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.920525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.920525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.615566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.618824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.615566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.618824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57079.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65610.505625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65403.002994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63351.331807                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63351.331807                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57079.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64609.542712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64506.425675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57079.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64609.542712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64506.425675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   174270672                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              65004                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             65003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            27484                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            27040                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           27040                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       210012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       211571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      7599872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   7649728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               7649728                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           87248000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1359500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         150472250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               457                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.744584                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            10039681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          10371.571281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   395.786125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    88.958459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.773020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.173747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10036466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        10036466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10036466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         10036466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10036466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        10036466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1164                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76957250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76957250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76957250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76957250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76957250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76957250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     10037630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10037630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     10037630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     10037630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     10037630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     10037630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66114.475945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66114.475945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66114.475945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66114.475945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66114.475945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66114.475945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          253                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    63.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54255000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54255000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54255000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54255000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54255000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54255000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69557.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69557.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69557.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69557.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69557.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69557.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             90881                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           460.564626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            49925707                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             91342                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            546.579963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   460.536555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.028071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.899485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.899540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     33277012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        33277012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16647902                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16647902                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     49924914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         49924914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     49924914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        49924914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       157906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        157906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       156022                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       156022                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       313928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         313928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       313928                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        313928                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7246508250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7246508250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9950597186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9950597186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17197105436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17197105436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17197105436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17197105436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     33434918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     33434918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16803924                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16803924                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     50238842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     50238842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     50238842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     50238842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009285                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009285                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45891.278672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45891.278672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63776.885221                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63776.885221                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54780.412821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54780.412821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54780.412821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54780.412821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       616323                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5582                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   110.412576                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        27484                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             27484                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        93683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        93683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       128984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       128984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       222667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       222667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       222667                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       222667                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        64223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        27038                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        27038                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        91261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        91261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        91261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        91261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2805569500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2805569500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1911439000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1911439000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4717008500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4717008500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4717008500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4717008500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001609                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001609                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43684.809181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43684.809181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70694.541016                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70694.541016                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51687.013072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51687.013072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51687.013072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51687.013072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
