
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.055827                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 55827410000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                55829120500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  37911                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    37911                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8266053                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6753.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   256045201                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     256045201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      9518208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              9580416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4752704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           4752704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       148722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                149694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           74261                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                74261                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1114291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    170493455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               171607746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1114291                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1114291                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          85132088                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               85132088                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          85132088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1114291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    170493455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              256739834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        149695                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        74261                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         223956                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      9580416                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4752704                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                9580416                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                4752704                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       17                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  9652                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  9540                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  9489                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  9240                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  9388                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  9264                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  9263                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  9306                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  9243                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  9256                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 9262                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 9373                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 9404                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 9345                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 9261                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 9392                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  4613                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  4616                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  4654                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 4609                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 4659                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 4640                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 4614                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     55827380000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  149695                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  74261                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    149158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      3223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        10836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1318.425987                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     566.008571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2020.779486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           1586     14.64%     14.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1053      9.72%     24.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          348      3.21%     27.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          231      2.13%     29.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          253      2.33%     32.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          239      2.21%     34.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          433      4.00%     38.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          585      5.40%     43.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          241      2.22%     45.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          213      1.97%     47.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          185      1.71%     49.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          184      1.70%     51.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          187      1.73%     52.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          253      2.33%     55.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          759      7.00%     62.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          428      3.95%     66.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          227      2.09%     68.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          186      1.72%     70.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          159      1.47%     71.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          183      1.69%     73.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          208      1.92%     75.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          247      2.28%     77.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          955      8.81%     86.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           59      0.54%     86.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           45      0.42%     87.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           48      0.44%     87.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           30      0.28%     87.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           20      0.18%     88.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           29      0.27%     88.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           27      0.25%     88.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           23      0.21%     88.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           18      0.17%     88.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           16      0.15%     89.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           15      0.14%     89.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           23      0.21%     89.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           14      0.13%     89.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            8      0.07%     89.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            9      0.08%     89.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           11      0.10%     89.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           11      0.10%     89.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            9      0.08%     90.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           16      0.15%     90.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            6      0.06%     90.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            4      0.04%     90.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            6      0.06%     90.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           20      0.18%     90.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           11      0.10%     90.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           10      0.09%     90.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            4      0.04%     90.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            2      0.02%     90.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            8      0.07%     90.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            9      0.08%     90.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            6      0.06%     90.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           11      0.10%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            4      0.04%     91.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            3      0.03%     91.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            7      0.06%     91.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            4      0.04%     91.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            6      0.06%     91.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            5      0.05%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            8      0.07%     91.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            8      0.07%     91.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            4      0.04%     91.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            3      0.03%     91.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            7      0.06%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            5      0.05%     91.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            7      0.06%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            6      0.06%     91.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            7      0.06%     91.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            5      0.05%     91.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            5      0.05%     91.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.02%     91.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            6      0.06%     92.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            6      0.06%     92.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            6      0.06%     92.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            3      0.03%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            4      0.04%     92.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            3      0.03%     92.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            2      0.02%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            8      0.07%     92.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            7      0.06%     92.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            5      0.05%     92.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.03%     92.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            3      0.03%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            3      0.03%     92.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.01%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.02%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            3      0.03%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            4      0.04%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            4      0.04%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.02%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            5      0.05%     92.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            4      0.04%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            4      0.04%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            5      0.05%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            7      0.06%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            4      0.04%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            5      0.05%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            2      0.02%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            3      0.03%     93.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.02%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            6      0.06%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            3      0.03%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            4      0.04%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            4      0.04%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            4      0.04%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            4      0.04%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            5      0.05%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            3      0.03%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.01%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.01%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            7      0.06%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            2      0.02%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            6      0.06%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            2      0.02%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            3      0.03%     93.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            4      0.04%     93.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            8      0.07%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            6      0.06%     93.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            5      0.05%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            7      0.06%     93.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            6      0.06%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            6      0.06%     93.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           11      0.10%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           12      0.11%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           16      0.15%     94.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          617      5.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          10836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      121163750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                3053177500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    748390000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  2183623750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         809.50                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14588.81                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20398.31                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         171.61                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          85.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 171.61                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  85.13                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.52                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     143133                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     69953                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       249278.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    256738688                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               75365                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              75363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             74261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             74330                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            74330                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       373649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        373649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     14333056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   14333056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               14333056                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           409022000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          710051000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8741193                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3030967                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect         7910                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5557719                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5550070                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.862372                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2851681                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          114                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             73104678                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1416                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         73106094                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            24466773                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               715                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        24467488                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             97571451                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2131                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         97573582                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            23375532                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               101                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        23375633                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  166                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                111654820                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23405305                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              265159471                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8741193                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      8401751                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              38730432                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles           69378                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       39702249                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1499                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          23375532                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          3455                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    101895461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.602270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.578497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         63165029     61.99%     61.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1351598      1.33%     63.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2568732      2.52%     65.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1275188      1.25%     67.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1538972      1.51%     68.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           799977      0.79%     69.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1882474      1.85%     71.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1113700      1.09%     72.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         28199791     27.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    101895461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.078288                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.374814                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         31783479                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      31331256                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          31873215                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6852114                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles          55396                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      2856758                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           484                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      265121208                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1535                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles          55396                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         33967365                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        13741083                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       122449                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          36559803                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      17449364                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      265063360                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents           4557                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      16050616                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    226127564                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     370807843                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    258185137                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    112622706                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     225720229                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           407335                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2522                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1614                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          52617712                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     73141774                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     24489257                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      9605810                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       694681                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          256445476                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3004                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         256255088                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         5065                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       403396                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       359919                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          131                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    101895461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.514882                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.591376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     10704315     10.51%     10.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18969870     18.62%     29.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     23452369     23.02%     52.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     21187598     20.79%     72.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     15056675     14.78%     87.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      9151098      8.98%     96.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2866527      2.81%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       419738      0.41%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        87271      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    101895461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           13227      0.41%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt        439640     13.57%     13.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       229841      7.10%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1217703     37.60%     58.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1338476     41.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          124      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      90339540     35.25%     35.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      5697516      2.22%     37.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     38588714     15.06%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     14551601      5.68%     58.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult      8540610      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       949098      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     73118630     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     24469252      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      256255088                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.295065                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3238887                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012639                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    458811759                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177740541                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    177132840                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    158837830                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     79115260                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79081029                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      179739787                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        79754064                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      9867380                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       129534                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          197                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3990                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        37839                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          730                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles          55396                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4021631                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        315615                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    264998892                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2482                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      73141774                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     24489257                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1607                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           7752                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         25393                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3990                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         4957                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2889                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7846                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     256236164                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      73106106                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18924                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               8550412                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             97573595                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          8730429                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           24467489                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.294896                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              256223369                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             256213869                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         218225373                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         246127886                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.294696                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.886634                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       383614                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2873                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7443                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    101840065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.598092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.280381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     39796232     39.08%     39.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26559115     26.08%     65.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3555083      3.49%     68.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1794818      1.76%     70.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1718250      1.69%     72.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1128561      1.11%     73.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1751869      1.72%     74.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1779941      1.75%     76.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     23756196     23.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    101840065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    264589909                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      264589909                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               97463658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              73012240                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                1351                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            8720356                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           79058653                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         207968675                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2850486                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      23756196                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            343040505                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           530002635                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  148614                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 9759359                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           256041810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             256041810                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     256041810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.436080                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.436080                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.293155                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.293155                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        286543944                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       151540122                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          83818721                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         74335405                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         2533218                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           2703                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    141773                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7928.358376                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       52439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    149945                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.349722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               48911806000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5580.546327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    24.343114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2320.157144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          2.616968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.694823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.681219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.002972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.283222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.967817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   31353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            97064                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 97064                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14015                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 14015                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         45295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    45368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        45295                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   45368                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 75365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74330                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               74330                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       148723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 149695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       148723                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                149695                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66227750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4585139000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4651366750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4611896250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4611896250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66227750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9197035250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       9263263000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66227750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9197035250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      9263263000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       105673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              106718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        97064                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             97064                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        88345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             88345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       194018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               195063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       194018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              195063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.703993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.706207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.841361                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.841361                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.767419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.767419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68135.545267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61634.011265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61717.863066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62046.229652                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62046.229652                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68135.545267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61840.033149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61880.911186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68135.545267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61840.033149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61880.911186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                74261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     74261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            75365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          74330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            149695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           149695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55059250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3730424000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3785483250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3758291750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3758291750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55059250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7488715750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7543775000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55059250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7488715750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7543775000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.703993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.706207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.841361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.767419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.767419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56645.318930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50144.825454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50228.663836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50562.246065                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50562.246065                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56645.318930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50353.447348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50394.301747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56645.318930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50353.447348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50394.301747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   334889260                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             106718                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            106716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            97064                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            88345                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           88345                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       485098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       487188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        66880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     18629120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  18696000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              18696000                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          243127500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1805750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         327218250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               719                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           508.762756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            23377275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          19036.868893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   497.472191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    11.290566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.971625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.022052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23374074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        23374074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23374074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         23374074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23374074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        23374074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95595499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95595499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95595499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95595499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95595499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95595499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23375532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23375532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23375532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     23375532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23375532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     23375532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65566.185871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65566.185871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65566.185871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65566.185871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65566.185871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65566.185871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          367                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    45.875000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          413                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          413                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68011750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68011750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68011750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68011750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68011750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68011750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65083.014354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65083.014354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65083.014354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65083.014354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65083.014354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65083.014354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            193584                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.461358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            87009592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            194096                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            448.281222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         140822750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.406546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.054811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.998841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     62865230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        62865230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     24141595                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       24141595                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     87006825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         87006825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     87006825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        87006825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       370015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        370015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       308472                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       308472                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          439                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          439                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       678487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         678487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       678487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        678487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17150477500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  17150477500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13919331454                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13919331454                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      6202500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      6202500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31069808954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31069808954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31069808954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31069808954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63235245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63235245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24450067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     24450067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1354                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1354                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     87685312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     87685312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     87685312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     87685312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.324225                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.324225                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46350.762807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46350.762807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45123.484316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45123.484316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14128.701595                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14128.701595                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45792.784466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45792.784466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45792.784466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45792.784466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5911                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                98                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    60.316327                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        97064                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             97064                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       264338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       264338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       220133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       220133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          437                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          437                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       484471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       484471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       484471                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       484471                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       105677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       105677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        88339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        88339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       194016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       194016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       194016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       194016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5005104250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5005104250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4841198750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4841198750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        93250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        93250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9846303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9846303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9846303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9846303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003613                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003613                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001477                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001477                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47362.285549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47362.285549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54802.507952                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54802.507952                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        46625                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        46625                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50749.953612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50749.953612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50749.953612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50749.953612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
