
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.330811                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                330810701000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               330812412000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  35294                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    35294                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11250969                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29402.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1037747851                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1037747851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        60160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      5031232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5091392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        60160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           60160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2329536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2329536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        78613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 79553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           36399                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                36399                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       181856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     15208795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15390651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       181856                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             181856                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           7041900                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                7041900                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           7041900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       181856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     15208795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               22432551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         79553                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        36399                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         115952                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      5091392                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2329536                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                5091392                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2329536                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       25                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4881                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4809                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4789                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  4929                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  5237                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  5182                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4948                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4780                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  5022                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  4970                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 5139                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4938                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 5030                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 5019                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 4946                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4909                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2223                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2201                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2180                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2254                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2234                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2272                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2334                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2208                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2306                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2320                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2298                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2230                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2319                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2356                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2344                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2320                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    330810414500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   79553                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  36399                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     60862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12188                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      608.220545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     255.837922                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1164.779077                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           3447     28.28%     28.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1550     12.72%     41.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1194      9.80%     50.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          928      7.61%     58.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          656      5.38%     63.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          501      4.11%     67.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          418      3.43%     71.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          319      2.62%     73.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          157      1.29%     75.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          156      1.28%     76.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          129      1.06%     77.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          158      1.30%     78.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          112      0.92%     79.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           81      0.66%     80.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          138      1.13%     81.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          167      1.37%     82.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          105      0.86%     83.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           89      0.73%     84.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          101      0.83%     85.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          182      1.49%     86.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           80      0.66%     87.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           60      0.49%     88.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          430      3.53%     91.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          361      2.96%     94.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           37      0.30%     94.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           31      0.25%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           23      0.19%     95.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           16      0.13%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            9      0.07%     95.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           10      0.08%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           17      0.14%     95.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           17      0.14%     95.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           15      0.12%     95.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           10      0.08%     96.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            9      0.07%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           11      0.09%     96.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            6      0.05%     96.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            7      0.06%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           11      0.09%     96.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            8      0.07%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            5      0.04%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            7      0.06%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            4      0.03%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           12      0.10%     96.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            7      0.06%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            4      0.03%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.02%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            8      0.07%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            8      0.07%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            3      0.02%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            5      0.04%     97.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            8      0.07%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.02%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            3      0.02%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            5      0.04%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            6      0.05%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            6      0.05%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            5      0.04%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            7      0.06%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            4      0.03%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            7      0.06%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            5      0.04%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            4      0.03%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            5      0.04%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            3      0.02%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            6      0.05%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            3      0.02%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            7      0.06%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            4      0.03%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            8      0.07%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            5      0.04%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            5      0.04%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            4      0.03%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            5      0.04%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            4      0.03%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            3      0.02%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            3      0.02%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            7      0.06%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            3      0.02%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            4      0.03%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            4      0.03%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            4      0.03%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            6      0.05%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            4      0.03%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.02%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.01%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            5      0.04%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            3      0.02%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            4      0.03%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.01%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.01%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.02%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            4      0.03%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            3      0.02%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.01%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.02%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            3      0.02%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.01%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.01%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            3      0.02%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            3      0.02%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.02%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            3      0.02%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            4      0.03%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            2      0.02%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            3      0.02%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            1      0.01%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            1      0.01%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.01%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            2      0.02%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.01%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            5      0.04%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            1      0.01%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            4      0.03%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            3      0.02%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.01%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            3      0.02%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            3      0.02%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            5      0.04%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          111      0.91%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8320-8321            1      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8384-8385            1      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8640-8641            1      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8768-8769            1      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9217            1      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9729            1      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9792-9793            1      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9856-9857            1      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9920-9921            1      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10112-10113            1      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10432-10433            1      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12188                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      678515250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2064711500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    397640000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   988556250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8531.78                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12430.29                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25962.07                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          15.39                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           7.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  15.39                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   7.04                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.62                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      74144                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     29582                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  81.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      2852994.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     22432551                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               41847                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              41847                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             36399                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             37706                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            37706                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       195505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        195505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      7420928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    7420928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                7420928                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           203572000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          377259500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       129028791                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    103186836                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      1558868                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     86330867                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        80320098                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     93.037520                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         6993625                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         7356                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            308556262                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1278                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        308557540                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           140402493                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4751                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       140407244                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            448958755                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               6029                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        448964784                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           130097617                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               451                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       130098068                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               247972                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                661624189                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    131120023                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             1139962728                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           129028791                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     87313723                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             199760284                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        12139271                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      316012141                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           95                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         9737                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         130097617                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        552914                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    657175822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.734639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.953694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        457415538     69.60%     69.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         13822030      2.10%     71.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         15537287      2.36%     74.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         20843896      3.17%     77.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         15606732      2.37%     79.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         19668294      2.99%     82.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         14574481      2.22%     84.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         13341360      2.03%     86.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         86366204     13.14%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    657175822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.195018                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.722976                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        161165857                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     287057521                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         174340240                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      24357576                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       10254627                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     14747020                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred         18963                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     1133705652                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1170                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       10254627                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        178270537                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        64264155                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    113173656                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         180699827                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     110513019                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     1126315775                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           490                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       27513491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      69637033                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    849296037                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1588661731                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1578183338                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10478393                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     787121844                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         62174193                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3056033                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       744208                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         232332426                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    314963192                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    144707162                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    101686994                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     35235806                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         1107853741                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1240384                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        1079969042                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       912603                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     69905021                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     50118980                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          455                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    657175822                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.643349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.716071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214659972     32.66%     32.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    158365529     24.10%     56.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    112334419     17.09%     73.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     76958142     11.71%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     45762612      6.96%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     26614860      4.05%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     11023690      1.68%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7859423      1.20%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3597175      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    657175822                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         1922240     23.40%     23.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           6587      0.08%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            32      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             2      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     23.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4973182     60.54%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1312348     15.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       247954      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     614342184     56.89%     56.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     11466171      1.06%     57.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1632969      0.15%     58.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       462597      0.04%     58.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       388872      0.04%     58.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        83244      0.01%     58.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       102828      0.01%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        79000      0.01%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    310347124     28.74%     86.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    140816099     13.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     1079969042                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.632300                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             8214431                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007606                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   2813940864                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1172220148                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1068799346                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     12300076                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      7083460                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5960241                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1081634996                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         6300523                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     83481673                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     21985433                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       163853                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       314419                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      8113602                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       572156                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        57301                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       10254627                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        17491957                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       4995825                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1119595125                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       110176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     314963192                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    144707162                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       744196                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        3797784                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         23202                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       314419                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1163743                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       415104                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      1578847                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    1077903173                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     308557542                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2065869                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              10501000                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            448964786                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        123203927                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          140407244                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.629177                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             1075630878                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            1074759587                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         735012681                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         867462921                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.624426                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.847313                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     72760794                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1239929                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1539956                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    646921195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.619148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.656174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    327732023     50.66%     50.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    162265459     25.08%     75.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     39371224      6.09%     81.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     13236584      2.05%     83.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     10155950      1.57%     85.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      5356381      0.83%     86.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3920017      0.61%     86.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3250676      0.50%     87.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     81632881     12.62%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    646921195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1047461246                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     1047461246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              429571319                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             292977759                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              495977                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          120119792                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            5410482                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1022406484                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      6607141                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      81632881                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1685497874                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          2250719163                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  236441                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4448367                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1037744460                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1037744460                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    1037744460                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.637560                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.637560                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.568480                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.568480                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1523663904                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       815772928                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           6241340                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2986269                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         2979741                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         991956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     71667                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8165.353807                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    21337339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     79764                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    267.505880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1342.131327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    93.121613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6729.964307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.107606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.028955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.163834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.011367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.821529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13255295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                13255298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          8119655                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               8119655                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3269208                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3269208                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      16524503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 16524506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     16524503                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                16524506                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        40907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 41848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        37706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               37706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        78613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  79554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        78613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 79554                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64498500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2578303250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2642801750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2721966750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2721966750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64498500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5300270000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5364768500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64498500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5300270000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5364768500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13296202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            13297146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8119655                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           8119655                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3306914                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3306914                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16603116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             16604060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16603116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            16604060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.003147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011402                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.011402                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.004791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.004791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68542.507970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63028.412008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63152.402743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72189.220548                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72189.220548                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68542.507970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67422.309287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67435.559494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68542.507970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67422.309287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67435.559494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                36399                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     36399                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        40907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            41848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        37706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          37706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        78613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             79554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        78613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            79554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53698500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2108560750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2162259250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2288884250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2288884250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53698500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4397445000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4451143500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53698500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4397445000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4451143500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57065.356004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51545.230645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51669.356959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60703.449053                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60703.449053                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57065.356004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55937.885591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55951.221812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57065.356004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55937.885591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55951.221812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  4783151486                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           13297146                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13297145                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          8119655                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3306914                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3306914                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     41325887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     41327774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side   1582257344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                1582317696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1582317696                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20481512500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1644998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       24923702500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               620                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           505.899332                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           130099353                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          114928.757067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      330808936250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   466.998512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    38.900820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.912106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.075978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130096138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       130096138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130096138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        130096138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130096138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       130096138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99319498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99319498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99319498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99319498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99319498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99319498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    130097617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    130097617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    130097617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    130097617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    130097617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    130097617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67153.142664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67153.142664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67153.142664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67153.142664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67153.142664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67153.142664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65476002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65476002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65476002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65476002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65476002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65476002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69360.171610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69360.171610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69360.171610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69360.171610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69360.171610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69360.171610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16602981                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           212.785675                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           319782253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16603194                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             19.260285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   212.781950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.003725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.415590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.415597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    194133543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       194133543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    124664575                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      124664575                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       487516                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       487516                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       495977                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       495977                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    318798118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        318798118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    318798118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       318798118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     29830124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      29830124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11433008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     11433008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8462                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8462                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     41263132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       41263132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     41263132                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      41263132                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 330502105750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 330502105750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 162889558779                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 162889558779                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114519000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    114519000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 493391664529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 493391664529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 493391664529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 493391664529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    223963667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    223963667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    136097583                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    136097583                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       495978                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       495978                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       495977                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       495977                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    360061250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    360061250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    360061250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    360061250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.133192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.133192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.084006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017061                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.017061                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.114600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.114600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.114600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.114600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11079.474753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11079.474753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14247.305589                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14247.305589                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13533.325455                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13533.325455                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11957.203455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11957.203455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11957.203455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11957.203455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       911361                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             45248                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.141465                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8119655                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8119655                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16533246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     16533246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8126773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      8126773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         8459                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         8459                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     24660019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     24660019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     24660019                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     24660019                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13296878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13296878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3306235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3306235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16603113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16603113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16603113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16603113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 152650496250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 152650496250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40187050998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40187050998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       108750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       108750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 192837547248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 192837547248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 192837547248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 192837547248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024293                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024293                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11480.175741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11480.175741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12154.928793                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12154.928793                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        36250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        36250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11614.541637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11614.541637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11614.541637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11614.541637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
