
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.051685                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 51685037500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                51686748500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  37963                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    37963                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               13510039                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3825.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   145233775                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     145233775                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      3303808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3353024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1590528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1590528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        51622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 52391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           24852                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                24852                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       952229                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     63921943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                64874172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       952229                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             952229                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          30773471                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               30773471                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          30773471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       952229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     63921943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               95647643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         52391                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        24852                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          77243                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      3353024                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1590528                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                3353024                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1590528                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       13                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  3310                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  3419                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3557                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  3273                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  3370                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  3262                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  3371                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  3202                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  3219                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  3163                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 3295                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 3175                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 3190                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 3135                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 3170                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 3267                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1553                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1657                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1681                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1566                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1575                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1598                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1705                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1493                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1474                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1506                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1505                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1508                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1493                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1486                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1505                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1547                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     51684757000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   52391                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  24852                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     35075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      7744                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        18215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      270.950316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     122.679945                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     741.964163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65          10350     56.82%     56.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         2807     15.41%     72.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1158      6.36%     78.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          716      3.93%     82.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          669      3.67%     86.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          546      3.00%     89.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          312      1.71%     90.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          188      1.03%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           98      0.54%     92.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           70      0.38%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           58      0.32%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           72      0.40%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           37      0.20%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           41      0.23%     94.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           23      0.13%     94.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           45      0.25%     94.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           33      0.18%     94.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           32      0.18%     94.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           23      0.13%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          112      0.61%     95.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           31      0.17%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           25      0.14%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          221      1.21%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          207      1.14%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           19      0.10%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           14      0.08%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           18      0.10%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           14      0.08%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           10      0.05%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            6      0.03%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            4      0.02%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            7      0.04%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            4      0.02%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            6      0.03%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            4      0.02%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            4      0.02%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            2      0.01%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.01%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            4      0.02%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            9      0.05%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.01%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            4      0.02%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            4      0.02%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            5      0.03%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            3      0.02%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.01%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.01%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            9      0.05%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            2      0.01%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            1      0.01%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            3      0.02%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.01%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.01%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            4      0.02%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.01%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            4      0.02%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.01%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            2      0.01%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            3      0.02%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.01%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            2      0.01%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            1      0.01%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.01%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.01%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            4      0.02%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            3      0.02%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            1      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            4      0.02%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.01%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            2      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            2      0.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            3      0.02%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            4      0.02%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            3      0.02%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            3      0.02%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            3      0.02%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            5      0.03%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            4      0.02%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            5      0.03%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            5      0.03%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            4      0.02%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            2      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            4      0.02%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            3      0.02%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            2      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            3      0.02%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.02%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           61      0.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          18215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      770649750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1741696000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    261890000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   709156250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14713.23                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    13539.20                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  33252.43                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          64.87                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          30.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  64.87                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  30.77                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.03                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.88                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      45544                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     13459                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   86.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  54.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       669118.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     95647643                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               25276                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25276                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             24852                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             27115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            27115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       129634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        129634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      4943552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    4943552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                4943552                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           138029500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          248498250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         3493023                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3312625                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       221523                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1328700                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1298136                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     97.699706                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           36656                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           79                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             66039266                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1134                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         66040400                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            21605069                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4301                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        21609370                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             87644335                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5435                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         87649770                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            11683623                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               130                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        11683753                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                103370075                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     11958979                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              161530902                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             3493023                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1334792                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              21074141                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         2092910                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       65949555                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3406                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          11683623                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         35172                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    100777568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.602846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.173530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         79703427     79.09%     79.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           427982      0.42%     79.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           311445      0.31%     79.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            98388      0.10%     79.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           105276      0.10%     80.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            73428      0.07%     80.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            33745      0.03%     80.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           996864      0.99%     81.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         19027013     18.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    100777568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.033791                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.562647                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         20794984                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      57264335                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          11920610                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       9006554                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1791084                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       138882                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           325                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      160405671                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1019                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1791084                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         23034095                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        15806387                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4429821                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          18446014                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      37270166                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      158985532                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           946                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         763385                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      35769774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    132735208                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     232434103                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    229304986                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      3129117                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     121086060                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11649148                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       167892                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          145                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          65936392                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     68621653                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     22595714                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     43533169                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      9389688                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          157905397                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          251                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         151324615                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12578893                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10708007                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           61                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    100777568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.501570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23627228     23.44%     23.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     35515793     35.24%     58.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     19515959     19.37%     78.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13467146     13.36%     91.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7103156      7.05%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1367381      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       140906      0.14%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39491      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          508      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    100777568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             413      0.05%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             17      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         891829     97.37%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         23582      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        67653      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      60701164     40.11%     40.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1313742      0.87%     41.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       856244      0.57%     41.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        80467      0.05%     41.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       283962      0.19%     41.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        57197      0.04%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        65717      0.04%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     66262678     43.79%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21635791     14.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      151324615                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.463911                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              915881                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.006052                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    400458040                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168067663                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148790428                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3901457                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2497883                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1917738                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      150220570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1952273                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     27386168                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5318163                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        13447                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        81630                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1425874                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11483                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1791084                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          529752                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         28278                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    158030104                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7744                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      68621653                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     22595714                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          160                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           3119                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          2582                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        81630                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        71508                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       151891                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       223399                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     151021514                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      66040402                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       303101                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                124456                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             87649772                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3073375                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           21609370                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.460979                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              150869512                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             150708166                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         124977365                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         127039857                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.457948                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983765                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12692158                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       221211                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     98986484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.468086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.020865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     31800293     32.13%     32.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     40570960     40.99%     73.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14020330     14.16%     87.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2223602      2.25%     89.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1918501      1.94%     91.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1139361      1.15%     92.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       644724      0.65%     93.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       550589      0.56%     93.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6118124      6.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     98986484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    145320694                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      145320694                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               84473330                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              63303490                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2926763                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            1744320                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         144128554                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        36345                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       6118124                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            250866444                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           317820888                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   27158                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2592507                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           145230384                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             145230384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     145230384                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.711766                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.711766                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.404956                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.404956                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        218608436                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       124613675                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           1912957                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1521818                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           72021                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          33983                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     44368                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8112.712821                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       13309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     52439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.253800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               49142885250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6113.708875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    70.632980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1927.488406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.700817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.181744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.746302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.008622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.235289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.990321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         8414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    8414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            31747                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 31747                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4269                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  4269                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         12683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    12683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        12683                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   12683                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        24507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 25277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        27115                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               27115                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        51622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  52392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        51622                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 52392                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51690750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1812376000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1864066750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2051346500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2051346500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51690750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3863722500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3915413250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51690750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3863722500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3915413250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        32921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               33691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        31747                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             31747                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        31384                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             31384                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        64305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                65075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        64305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               65075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.744418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.750260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.863975                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.863975                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.802768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.805102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.802768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.805102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67130.844156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73953.401069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73745.569094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75653.568136                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75653.568136                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67130.844156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74846.431754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74733.036532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67130.844156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74846.431754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74733.036532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                24852                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     24852                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        24507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            25277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        27115                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          27115                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        51622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             52392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        51622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            52392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     42854250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1530920000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1573774250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1739860500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1739860500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     42854250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3270780500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3313634750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     42854250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3270780500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3313634750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.744418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.750260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.863975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.863975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.802768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.805102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.802768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.805102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55654.870130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62468.682417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62261.116826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64165.978241                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64165.978241                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55654.870130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63360.204951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63246.960414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55654.870130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63360.204951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63246.960414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   119890481                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              33691                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             33690                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            31747                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            31384                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           31384                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       160357                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       161896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      6147328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   6196544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               6196544                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           80158000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1342250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         109002500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.377594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11685689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               958                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          12198.005219                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   395.003467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.374127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.771491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.174559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11682474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11682474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11682474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11682474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11682474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11682474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     74334250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74334250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     74334250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     74334250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     74334250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     74334250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11683623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11683623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11683623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11683623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11683623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11683623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64694.734552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64694.734552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64694.734552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64694.734552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64694.734552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64694.734552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          379                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          379                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52461750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52461750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52461750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52461750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52461750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52461750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68132.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68132.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68132.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68132.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68132.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68132.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             63897                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           485.446751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            59562509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             64383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            925.127891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   485.422911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.023841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.948092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     38545785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        38545785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     21015931                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       21015931                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     59561716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         59561716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     59561716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        59561716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       100522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        100522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       153830                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       153830                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       254352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         254352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       254352                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        254352                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5721019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5721019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9770718887                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9770718887                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15491737887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15491737887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15491737887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15491737887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     38646307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38646307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21169761                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21169761                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     59816068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     59816068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     59816068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     59816068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007266                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007266                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56913.103599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56913.103599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63516.341981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63516.341981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60906.687925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60906.687925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60906.687925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60906.687925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       565944                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5373                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   105.331100                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        31747                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             31747                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        67604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        67604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       122446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       122446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       190050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       190050                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190050                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        32918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        31384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        31384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        64302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        64302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1929386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1929386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2125499250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2125499250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4054885250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4054885250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4054885250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4054885250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001482                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001482                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58611.884076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58611.884076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67725.568761                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67725.568761                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63060.017573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63060.017573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63060.017573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63060.017573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
