
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.227999                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                227998679500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               228000390500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  35754                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    35754                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11815933                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750132                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 19295.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   689910491                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     689910491                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        34304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       203648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               237952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        34304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           34304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks          640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total               640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3718                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks              10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                   10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       150457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       893198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1043655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       150457                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             150457                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks              2807                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                   2807                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks              2807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       150457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       893198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1046462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          3718                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                           10                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           3728                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       237952                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                       640                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 237952                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                    640                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   140                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   140                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   139                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   221                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   401                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   180                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   447                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   505                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   322                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   166                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  310                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  154                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  156                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  148                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  156                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  133                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    227998400000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    3718                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                     10                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      2181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1358.650602                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     248.006953                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2662.609321                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65             83     50.00%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           10      6.02%     56.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193            6      3.61%     59.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257            8      4.82%     64.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321            4      2.41%     66.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385            6      3.61%     70.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            3      1.81%     72.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            3      1.81%     74.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            3      1.81%     75.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            1      0.60%     76.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            4      2.41%     78.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            1      0.60%     79.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            1      0.60%     80.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            1      0.60%     80.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            1      0.60%     81.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            1      0.60%     81.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.60%     82.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            3      1.81%     84.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.60%     84.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.60%     85.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.60%     86.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.60%     86.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.60%     87.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.60%     87.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.60%     88.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            1      0.60%     89.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           18     10.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                        6942500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  78758750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     18590000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    53226250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        1867.27                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14315.83                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21183.10                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.04                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.04                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         8.99                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       3552                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                   0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     61158369.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1046462                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1927                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1927                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1791                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1791                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side         7446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                          7446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       238592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     238592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 238592                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1904000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           17652750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        23390939                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     21874881                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      1266436                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     23307200                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        23219334                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.623009                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           81975                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           83                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            331984369                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                200                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        331984569                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           133066666                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1421                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       133068087                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            465051035                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               1621                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        465052656                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            65670922                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               126                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        65671048                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                455997359                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     65771349                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              774923898                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            23390939                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     23301309                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             107709311                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         9989133                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      273644708                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           84                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3369                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          65670922                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          8205                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    455829561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.700030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.121301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        348120250     76.37%     76.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1350471      0.30%     76.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1283310      0.28%     76.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3             9034      0.00%     76.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          2625979      0.58%     77.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           161187      0.04%     77.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         19152823      4.20%     81.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         20259140      4.44%     86.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         62867367     13.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    455829561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.051296                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.699404                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        103326580                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     237277542                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          40254669                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      66270357                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        8700412                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      1433804                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           327                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      765456904                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1004                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        8700412                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        107192079                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        46905281                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      5189367                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         102932561                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     184909860                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      760058238                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          11330                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     183467348                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    593452304                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1085531164                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1083920881                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1610283                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     538458517                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         54993787                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       318157                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         303332125                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    346821457                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    141875980                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    193445568                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     95981243                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          756939298                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          227                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         720851132                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         3579                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     67029899                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     58940706                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    455829561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.581405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    103786989     22.77%     22.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    126967034     27.85%     50.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    127092942     27.88%     78.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     55227578     12.12%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     39971141      8.77%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2670563      0.59%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18061      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92289      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2964      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    455829561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            4372      0.41%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              2      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          199      0.02%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             8      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead          90058      8.44%      8.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        972822     91.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       158117      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     216580479     30.05%     30.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     35743003      4.96%     35.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       421289      0.06%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2221      0.00%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       242902      0.03%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11612      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        79803      0.01%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    334460759     46.40%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    133150947     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      720851132                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.580823                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1067461                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001481                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1896099653                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    822737027                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    716781046                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      2503212                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1254552                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1251385                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      720508767                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1251709                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    132543917                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     32148090                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          962                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        22412                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     12432760                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1431                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        8700412                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7785418                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1502128                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    757031033                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2964                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     346821457                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    141875980                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          137                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          21667                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        969780                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        22412                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1265770                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          599                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      1266369                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     718264482                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     331984573                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2586650                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 91508                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            465052664                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         22019795                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          133068091                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.575151                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              718044516                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             718032431                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         546217062                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         546543249                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.574642                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999403                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     67037633                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          177                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1266125                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    447129149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.543170                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.287326                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193474918     43.27%     43.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    138682290     31.02%     74.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     41073692      9.19%     83.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2633421      0.59%     84.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       150543      0.03%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     18777762      4.20%     88.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     17392374      3.89%     92.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     17132252      3.83%     96.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     17811897      3.98%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    447129149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    689996103                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      689996103                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              444116587                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             314673367                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           21928905                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            1249740                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         687968169                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        81680                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      17811897                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1186349480                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1522768697                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  115908                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  167798                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           689907100                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             689907100                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     689907100                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.660955                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.660955                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.512963                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.512963                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1021286574                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       561956437                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            874898                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           845923                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          181214                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          79211                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                        11                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3700.299480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     2108137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3996                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    527.561812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2206.691559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   378.936793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   878.670913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        188.000095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         48.000120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.269372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.046257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.107260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.022949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.005859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.451697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1028664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 1028719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          1081204                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               1081204                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        51297                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 51297                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            55                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       1079961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1080016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           55                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1079961                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1080016                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  1928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1791                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1791                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          537                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3182                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3719                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35219500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85053500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       120273000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112767250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     112767250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35219500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    197820750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        233040250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35219500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    197820750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       233040250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1030055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1030647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1081204                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           1081204                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        53088                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             53088                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1083143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1083735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1083143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1083735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.907095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.001871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033736                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.033736                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.907095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.003432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.907095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.003432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65585.661080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61145.578720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62382.261411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62963.288666                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62963.288666                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65585.661080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62168.683218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62662.073138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65585.661080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62168.683218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62662.073138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   10                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        10                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             1928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29058500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69063500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98122000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     92176750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92176750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29058500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    161240250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    190298750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29058500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    161240250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    190298750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.907095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.001871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.907095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.003432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.907095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54112.662942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49650.251618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50893.153527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51466.638749                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51466.638749                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54112.662942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50672.611565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51169.333154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54112.662942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50672.611565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51169.333154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   607705414                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1030647                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1030646                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1081204                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            53088                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           53088                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1183                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      3247490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      3248673                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        37824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    138518208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 138556032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             138556032                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2163673500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1019499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1625495750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           458.963329                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            65673286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          84196.520513                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   339.951270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   119.012060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.663967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.232445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.896413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65670071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        65670071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65670071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         65670071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65670071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        65670071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50200249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50200249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50200249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50200249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50200249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50200249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65670922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     65670922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65670922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     65670922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65670922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     65670922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58989.716804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58989.716804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58989.716804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58989.716804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58989.716804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58989.716804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          168                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           42                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          259                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          259                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36366001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36366001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36366001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36366001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36366001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36366001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61429.055743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61429.055743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61429.055743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61429.055743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61429.055743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61429.055743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1083088                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           132.996113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           326571528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1083221                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            301.481903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   132.990982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.005131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.259748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.259758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    197818312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       197818312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    128752428                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      128752428                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    326570740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        326570740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    326570740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       326570740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1620918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1620918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       690715                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       690715                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2311633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2311633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2311633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2311633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19654198500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19654198500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7104158962                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7104158962                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       197250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       197250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26758357462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26758357462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26758357462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26758357462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    199439230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    199439230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    129443143                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    129443143                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    328882373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    328882373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    328882373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    328882373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005336                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005336                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.115385                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.115385                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12125.350264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12125.350264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10285.224676                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10285.224676                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11575.521487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11575.521487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11575.521487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11575.521487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7515                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               439                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.118451                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1081204                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1081204                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       589506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       589506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       638989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       638989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1228495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1228495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1228495                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1228495                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1031412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1031412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        51726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1083138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1083138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1083138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1083138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11508839000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11508839000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    664875248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    664875248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        55000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        55000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12173714248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12173714248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12173714248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12173714248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000400                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000400                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064103                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064103                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11158.333430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11158.333430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12853.792058                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12853.792058                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11239.301223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11239.301223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11239.301223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11239.301223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
