
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.334445                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                334445116500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               334446827500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  35282                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    35282                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11226504                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29790.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1051067169                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1051067169                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        59968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      5140032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5200000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        59968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           59968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2387776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2387776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        80313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 81250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           37309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                37309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       179306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     15368836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15548142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       179306                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             179306                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           7139515                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                7139515                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           7139515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       179306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     15368836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               22687657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         81250                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        37309                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         118559                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      5200000                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2387776                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                5200000                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2387776                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       17                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  5013                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4937                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4935                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  5076                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  5359                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  5250                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4963                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4898                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  5157                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  5084                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 5226                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 5043                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 5119                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 5115                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 5059                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4999                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2298                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2269                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2262                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2316                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2305                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2331                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2378                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2247                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2371                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2377                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2347                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2299                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2371                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2393                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2378                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2367                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    334444797500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   81250                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  37309                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     61990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8898                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      598.665509                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     250.182718                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1169.473916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           3646     28.78%     28.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1679     13.25%     42.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1210      9.55%     51.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          938      7.41%     59.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          714      5.64%     64.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          547      4.32%     68.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          436      3.44%     72.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          279      2.20%     74.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          184      1.45%     76.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          152      1.20%     77.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          132      1.04%     78.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          144      1.14%     79.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           96      0.76%     80.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          105      0.83%     81.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           98      0.77%     81.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          174      1.37%     83.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          119      0.94%     84.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          116      0.92%     85.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           83      0.66%     85.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          204      1.61%     87.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           78      0.62%     87.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           70      0.55%     88.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          440      3.47%     91.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          355      2.80%     94.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           32      0.25%     94.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           23      0.18%     95.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           19      0.15%     95.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           21      0.17%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           15      0.12%     95.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           12      0.09%     95.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           23      0.18%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           13      0.10%     95.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           13      0.10%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            9      0.07%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           15      0.12%     96.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           10      0.08%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            9      0.07%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            8      0.06%     96.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            7      0.06%     96.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           13      0.10%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.02%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            4      0.03%     96.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            9      0.07%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            9      0.07%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           10      0.08%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            3      0.02%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            4      0.03%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            8      0.06%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            7      0.06%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            3      0.02%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            5      0.04%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.01%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            3      0.02%     97.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            2      0.02%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            3      0.02%     97.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            5      0.04%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            4      0.03%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            3      0.02%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.02%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            4      0.03%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            4      0.03%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            3      0.02%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            3      0.02%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            8      0.06%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.02%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            2      0.02%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            7      0.06%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            8      0.06%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            2      0.02%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            4      0.03%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            7      0.06%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            8      0.06%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            5      0.04%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            4      0.03%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            4      0.03%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            7      0.06%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            3      0.02%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            4      0.03%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            4      0.03%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            3      0.02%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            5      0.04%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            6      0.05%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            4      0.03%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            3      0.02%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            4      0.03%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.01%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.02%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.02%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            3      0.02%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            2      0.02%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            4      0.03%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            5      0.04%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.01%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.01%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            2      0.02%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.01%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.01%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            2      0.02%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.02%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            2      0.02%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            2      0.02%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.02%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            2      0.02%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.01%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            3      0.02%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.02%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            3      0.02%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.02%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            4      0.03%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            3      0.02%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            2      0.02%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.02%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.01%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.01%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.01%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            1      0.01%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            4      0.03%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            5      0.04%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            2      0.02%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.02%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            2      0.02%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            2      0.02%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.02%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          124      0.98%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8449            1      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8640-8641            1      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8705            1      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8832-8833            1      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8961            1      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9024-9025            1      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9152-9153            1      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9280-9281            1      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9472-9473            1      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9664-9665            1      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10112-10113            2      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10176-10177            2      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      682908750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2102600000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    406165000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  1013526250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8406.79                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12476.78                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25883.57                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          15.55                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           7.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  15.55                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   7.14                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.65                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      75666                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     30206                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  80.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      2820914.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     22687657                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               42872                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              42872                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             37309                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             38378                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            38378                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       199809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        199809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      7587776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    7587776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                7587776                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           208515500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          385301500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       132631629                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    106044628                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      1716558                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     97313968                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        82468681                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     84.744958                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         7285638                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        21631                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            313367209                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1281                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        313368490                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           143534147                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4694                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       143538841                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            456901356                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5975                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        456907331                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           133752808                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              1435                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       133754243                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               252034                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                668892941                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    135014627                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             1165870024                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           132631629                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     89754319                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             204496469                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        13671562                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      314148037                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           96                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        31251                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         133752808                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        616981                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    665236092                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.752566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.961797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        460739623     69.26%     69.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         14204498      2.14%     71.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         15924350      2.39%     73.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         21260067      3.20%     76.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         15886484      2.39%     79.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         20370021      3.06%     82.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         15124272      2.27%     84.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         13919264      2.09%     86.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         87807513     13.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    665236092                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.198285                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.742984                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        165546099                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     284959298                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         178401083                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      24803211                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       11526400                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     15164923                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred         19233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     1158007719                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1172                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       11526400                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        182661954                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        61184534                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    113682171                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         185187006                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     110994026                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     1149973019                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       27112590                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      70455792                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    865941059                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1621402895                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1610835693                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10567202                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     796903218                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         69037841                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3251852                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       756233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         234364010                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    320059532                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    148228240                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    102695552                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     35646026                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         1130172305                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1260363                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        1099334489                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       938568                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     77618243                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     55127128                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    665236092                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.652548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.721180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216513039     32.55%     32.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    159588222     23.99%     56.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    113787641     17.10%     73.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     77604276     11.67%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     47808343      7.19%     92.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     26831641      4.03%     96.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     11400834      1.71%     98.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      8055192      1.21%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3646904      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    665236092                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         2070178     24.34%     24.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           6763      0.08%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            28      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     24.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        5084841     59.79%     84.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1343255     15.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       252016      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     625488868     56.90%     56.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     11586817      1.05%     57.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1643971      0.15%     58.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       466292      0.04%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       391486      0.04%     58.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        83639      0.01%     58.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       103087      0.01%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        79413      0.01%     58.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    315276626     28.68%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    143962274     13.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     1099334489                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.643513                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             8505105                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007737                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   2860948067                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1202231776                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1087586353                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     12400676                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      7127908                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6011502                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1101237122                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         6350456                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     84033631                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     23843579                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       200367                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       318679                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      9847073                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       674109                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       160540                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       11526400                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        17062726                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       4626612                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1142322634                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       148189                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     320059532                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    148228240                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       756219                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        3571147                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          4547                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       318679                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1162859                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       577575                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      1740434                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    1097125120                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     313368492                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2209369                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              10889966                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            456907333                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        125880389                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          143538841                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.640210                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             1094499676                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            1093597855                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         746497133                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         881003476                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.634937                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.847326                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     82181835                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1260239                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1697349                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    653709692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.622943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.653903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    329380598     50.39%     50.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    165062382     25.25%     75.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     40230434      6.15%     81.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     13310812      2.04%     83.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     10712049      1.64%     85.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      5329030      0.82%     86.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      4101365      0.63%     86.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3288056      0.50%     87.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     82294966     12.59%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    653709692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1060933342                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     1060933342                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              434597120                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             296215953                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              504101                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          121968445                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            5467959                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1035496285                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      6713581                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      82294966                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1714517423                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          2297777558                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  121689                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3656849                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1051063778                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1051063778                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    1051063778                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.636396                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.636396                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.571348                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.571348                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1550316902                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       829011300                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           6291892                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          3008506                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         3028485                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        1008204                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     73280                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8160.141762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    21432170                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     81237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    263.822765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1314.304986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    92.659951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6753.040257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.107296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.029272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.160438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.011311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.824346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13210228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                13210231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          8260176                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               8260176                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3368981                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3368981                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      16579209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 16579212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     16579209                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                16579212                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        41935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 42873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        38378                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               38378                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        80313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  81251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          938                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        80313                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 81251                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64125500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2646177500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2710303000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2762812500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2762812500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64125500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5408990000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5473115500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64125500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5408990000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5473115500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13252163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            13253104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8260176                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           8260176                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3407359                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3407359                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16659522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             16660463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16659522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            16660463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.003235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011263                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.011263                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.004877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.004877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68364.072495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63101.883868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63217.013039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71989.486164                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71989.486164                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68364.072495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67348.872536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67360.592485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68364.072495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67348.872536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67360.592485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                37309                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     37309                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            42873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        38378                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          38378                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        80313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             81251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        80313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            81251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53361500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2164650500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2218012000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2322000500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2322000500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53361500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4486651000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4540012500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53361500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4486651000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4540012500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.004877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.004877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56888.592751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51619.184452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51734.471579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60503.426442                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60503.426442                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56888.592751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55864.567380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55876.389214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56888.592751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55864.567380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55876.389214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  4768856692                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           13253104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13253103                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          8260176                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3407359                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3407359                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1881                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     41579220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     41581101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side   1594860672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                1594920832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1594920832                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20720495500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1638749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       25008725250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               617                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           506.071896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           133754545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          118471.696191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      334443282750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   467.344252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    38.727644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.912782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.075640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    133751330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       133751330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    133751330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        133751330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    133751330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       133751330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97821499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97821499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97821499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97821499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97821499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97821499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    133752808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    133752808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    133752808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    133752808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    133752808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    133752808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66185.046685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66185.046685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66185.046685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66185.046685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66185.046685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66185.046685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65101251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65101251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65101251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65101251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65101251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65101251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69183.051010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69183.051010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69183.051010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69183.051010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69183.051010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69183.051010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16659099                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           498.767904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           325632856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16659600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             19.546259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   498.764220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.003684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.974149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    198327002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       198327002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    126305689                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      126305689                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       495422                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       495422                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       504101                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       504101                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    324632691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        324632691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    324632691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       324632691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     29684957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      29684957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11571377                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     11571377                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8680                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8680                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     41256334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       41256334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     41256334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      41256334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 327449047500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 327449047500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 165195824855                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 165195824855                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117406750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    117406750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 492644872355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 492644872355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 492644872355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 492644872355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    228011959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    228011959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    137877066                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    137877066                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       504102                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       504102                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       504101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       504101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    365889025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    365889025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    365889025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    365889025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.130190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.130190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.083925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017219                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.017219                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.112756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.112756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.112756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.112756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11030.807540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11030.807540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14276.246021                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14276.246021                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13526.123272                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13526.123272                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11941.072427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11941.072427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11941.072427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11941.072427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1180331                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            143362                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.233221                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8260176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8260176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16432478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     16432478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8164337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      8164337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         8677                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         8677                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     24596815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     24596815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     24596815                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     24596815                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13252479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13252479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3407040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3407040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16659519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16659519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16659519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16659519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 152263627750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 152263627750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41473578998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41473578998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        54000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        54000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 193737206748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 193737206748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 193737206748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 193737206748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024711                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024711                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11489.444937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11489.444937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12172.906393                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12172.906393                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        18000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11629.219712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11629.219712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11629.219712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11629.219712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
