
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.184839                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                184838740500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               184840451000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  56562                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    56562                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               12317688                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15005.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   848760973                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     848760973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     31489408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             31551744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     15738048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          15738048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       492022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                492996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          245907                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               245907                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       337245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    170361516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               170698761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       337245                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             337245                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          85144748                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               85144748                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          85144748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       337245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    170361516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              255843509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        492998                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       245907                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         738905                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     31551744                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  15738048                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               31551744                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               15738048                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       14                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 30887                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 30791                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 30865                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 30735                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 30763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 30769                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 30767                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 30810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 30747                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 30760                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                30765                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                30887                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                30911                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                30852                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                30772                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                30903                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 15368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 15406                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                15409                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                15395                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                15366                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    184838710500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  492998                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 245907                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    492426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     10683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        34951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1351.516809                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     623.333608                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1996.855547                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4229     12.10%     12.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3594     10.28%     22.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          561      1.61%     23.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          619      1.77%     25.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          559      1.60%     27.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          758      2.17%     29.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1461      4.18%     33.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513         2163      6.19%     39.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          668      1.91%     41.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          572      1.64%     43.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          591      1.69%     45.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          709      2.03%     47.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          539      1.54%     48.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          786      2.25%     50.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961         3002      8.59%     59.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1871      5.35%     64.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          559      1.60%     66.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          575      1.65%     68.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          486      1.39%     69.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          544      1.56%     71.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          532      1.52%     72.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          663      1.90%     74.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         4455     12.75%     87.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          133      0.38%     87.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           85      0.24%     87.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          110      0.31%     88.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           77      0.22%     88.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           78      0.22%     88.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           56      0.16%     88.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           60      0.17%     88.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           78      0.22%     89.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           68      0.19%     89.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           90      0.26%     89.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           34      0.10%     89.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           48      0.14%     89.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           55      0.16%     90.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           39      0.11%     90.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           33      0.09%     90.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           36      0.10%     90.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           29      0.08%     90.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           25      0.07%     90.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           19      0.05%     90.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           34      0.10%     90.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           27      0.08%     90.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           31      0.09%     90.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           36      0.10%     90.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           22      0.06%     90.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           19      0.05%     91.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           19      0.05%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           30      0.09%     91.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           26      0.07%     91.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           12      0.03%     91.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           10      0.03%     91.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           27      0.08%     91.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           19      0.05%     91.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            9      0.03%     91.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           15      0.04%     91.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           13      0.04%     91.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           18      0.05%     91.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           13      0.04%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            9      0.03%     91.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           10      0.03%     91.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           43      0.12%     91.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           18      0.05%     91.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           37      0.11%     91.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           14      0.04%     92.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           12      0.03%     92.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           19      0.05%     92.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           16      0.05%     92.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            7      0.02%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           18      0.05%     92.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           14      0.04%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            6      0.02%     92.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            8      0.02%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            3      0.01%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865           10      0.03%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929           10      0.03%     92.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993           12      0.03%     92.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            5      0.01%     92.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            5      0.01%     92.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            7      0.02%     92.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249           15      0.04%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            6      0.02%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377           13      0.04%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441           11      0.03%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            9      0.03%     92.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            8      0.02%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633           12      0.03%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            9      0.03%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            9      0.03%     92.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            7      0.02%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           12      0.03%     92.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953           10      0.03%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           12      0.03%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           25      0.07%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            9      0.03%     92.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           28      0.08%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            8      0.02%     93.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            8      0.02%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            5      0.01%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            4      0.01%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            9      0.03%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            9      0.03%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            8      0.02%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            7      0.02%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785           13      0.04%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849           13      0.04%     93.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913           15      0.04%     93.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977           15      0.04%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            7      0.02%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105           11      0.03%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           10      0.03%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            5      0.01%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297           13      0.04%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361           18      0.05%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           12      0.03%     93.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489           11      0.03%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553           15      0.04%     93.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            6      0.02%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           12      0.03%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            8      0.02%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            9      0.03%     93.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           12      0.03%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            6      0.02%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           14      0.04%     93.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           17      0.05%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           47      0.13%     94.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         2097      6.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          34951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      339134000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                9994286500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2464920000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  7190232500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         687.92                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14585.12                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20273.04                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         170.70                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          85.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 170.70                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  85.14                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.31                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     471783                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    232143                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       250152.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    255843509                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              247011                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             247009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            245907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            245987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           245987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side      1231901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                       1231901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     47289792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   47289792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               47289792                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1353080500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2338574000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        28915105                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      9999481                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        13651                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     18377149                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        18366123                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.940002                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         9450003                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          107                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            242276531                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               4528                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        242281059                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            81090103                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2252                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        81092355                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            323366634                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               6780                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        323373414                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            77406155                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               101                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        77406256                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  503                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                369677481                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     77448069                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              878416369                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            28915105                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     27816126                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             128289658                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          157443                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      131825480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1537                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           48                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          77406155                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          7207                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    337692188                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.601234                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.578330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        209402530     62.01%     62.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4471825      1.32%     63.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          8510382      2.52%     65.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4218416      1.25%     67.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5090478      1.51%     68.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          2643131      0.78%     69.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6231535      1.85%     71.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3689373      1.09%     72.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         93434518     27.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    337692188                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.078217                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.376170                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        105256607                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     104031764                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         105583532                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      22693423                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         126861                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      9461744                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           484                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      878324340                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1547                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         126861                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        112510245                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        45541481                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       370476                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         121079092                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      58064032                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      878191235                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          25304                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      53390644                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    749232411                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1228538817                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    855098752                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    373440065                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     748287981                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           944430                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         5815                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         3733                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         174860885                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    242355428                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     81140435                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     31773516                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2552806                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          849703263                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         6887                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         849303754                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        11551                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       942885                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       760291                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          125                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    337692188                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.515023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.590442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     35345444     10.47%     10.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     62990577     18.65%     29.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     77630616     22.99%     52.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     70362905     20.84%     72.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     50019313     14.81%     87.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     30200658      8.94%     96.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      9428877      2.79%     99.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1400958      0.41%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       312840      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    337692188                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           44385      0.41%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt       1466895     13.66%     14.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       750755      6.99%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4027178     37.51%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       4446067     41.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          393      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     299334070     35.24%     35.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     18887573      2.22%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    127957182     15.07%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     48252105      5.68%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     28320080      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      3147063      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    242308694     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     81096591      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      849303754                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.297418                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            10735280                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012640                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1520362790                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    588332576                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    586988738                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    526683737                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    262332551                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    262222939                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      595586836                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       264451805                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     32696425                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       304872                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          727                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12183                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93521                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          844                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         126861                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        13365658                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1044120                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    878047885                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5790                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     242355428                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     81140435                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         3729                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          37309                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         84316                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        12183                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10118                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4109                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        14227                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     849260794                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     242281065                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        42960                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              28337735                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            323373422                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         28892035                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           81092357                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.297302                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              849234079                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             849211677                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         723389508                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         816050073                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.297169                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.886452                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       869970                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         6762                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        13179                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    337565327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.598285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.281803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    132239818     39.17%     39.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     87709411     25.98%     65.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11711297      3.47%     68.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5935399      1.76%     70.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5698543      1.69%     72.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3773555      1.12%     73.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5793751      1.72%     74.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      5900265      1.75%     76.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     78803288     23.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    337565327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    877090814                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      877090814                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              323097470                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             242050556                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                3127                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           28869639                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          262150420                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         689356941                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      9447851                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      78803288                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1136668743                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1756048735                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  489545                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                31985293                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           848757582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             848757582                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     848757582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.435551                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.435551                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.295941                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.295941                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        949651242                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       502206843                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         277934614                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        246488499                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         8396474                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           6255                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    485090                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7978.588279                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      210921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    493258                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.427608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5526.077443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     7.371976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2444.145575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.788445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.204840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.674570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.298358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.973949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       127353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  127428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           329485                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                329485                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        51566                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 51566                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            75                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        178919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   178994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           75                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       178919                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  178994                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                247011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       245987                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              245987                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       492024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 492998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       492024                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                492998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66473500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15045279250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15111752750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15335409750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   15335409750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66473500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30380689000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      30447162500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66473500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30380689000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     30447162500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       373390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              374439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       329485                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            329485                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       297553                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            297553                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       670943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               671992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       670943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              671992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.658928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.659683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.826700                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.826700                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.733332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.733637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.733332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.733637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68247.946612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61150.474319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61178.460676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62342.358539                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62342.358539                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68247.946612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61746.355869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61759.200849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68247.946612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61746.355869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61759.200849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               245907                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    245907                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           247011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       245987                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         245987                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            492998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           492998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55285500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12218282750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12273568250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12510454250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12510454250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55285500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24728737000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24784022500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55285500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24728737000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24784022500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.658928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.659683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.826700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.733332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.733637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.733332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.733637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56761.293634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49660.346818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49688.346875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50858.192709                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50858.192709                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56761.293634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50259.208900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50272.054856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56761.293634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50259.208900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50272.054856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   346758476                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             374439                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            374437                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           329485                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           297553                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          297553                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      1671369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      1673467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        67136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     64027264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  64094400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              64094400                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          830223500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1810500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1126266250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               722                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.823052                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            77407887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          62831.077110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   498.574954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    11.248099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.973779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.021969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77404686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        77404686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77404686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         77404686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77404686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        77404686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1469                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1469                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94539249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94539249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94539249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94539249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94539249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94539249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77406155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77406155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77406155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     77406155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77406155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     77406155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64356.194010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64356.194010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64356.194010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64356.194010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64356.194010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64356.194010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          314                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    39.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          420                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          420                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68283500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68283500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68283500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68283500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68283500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68283500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65093.898951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65093.898951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65093.898951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65093.898951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65093.898951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65093.898951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            670509                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.846040                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           288286252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            671021                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            429.623293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         274619250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.829808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.016232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    208287713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       208287713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     79993326                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       79993326                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    288281039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        288281039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    288281039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       288281039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1288426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1288426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1050461                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1050461                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2338887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2338887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2338887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2338887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57019216750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  57019216750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47088461481                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  47088461481                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21152250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     21152250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104107678231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 104107678231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104107678231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 104107678231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209576139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209576139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     81043787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     81043787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290619926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    290619926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290619926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    290619926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012962                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012962                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.493124                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.493124                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44254.941106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44254.941106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44826.472835                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44826.472835                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13717.412451                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13717.412451                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44511.632341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44511.632341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44511.632341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44511.632341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6221                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               189                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    32.915344                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       329485                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            329485                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       915037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       915037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       752908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       752908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1667945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1667945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1667945                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1667945                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       373389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       373389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       297553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       297553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       670942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       670942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       670942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       670942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16697229000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16697229000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16153877000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16153877000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32851106000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32851106000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32851106000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32851106000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003672                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003672                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44718.052755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44718.052755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54289.074551                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54289.074551                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48962.661452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48962.661452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48962.661452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48962.661452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
