
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.016859                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16859159000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                16860870000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  22994                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    22994                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8332374                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750296                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2023.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    46524224                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      46524224                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       819904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               869504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       243968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            243968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        12811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 13586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            3812                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 3812                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      2942021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     48632556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51574577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2942021                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            2942021                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          14470947                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               14470947                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          14470947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      2942021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     48632556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               66045525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         13586                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         3812                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          17398                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       869504                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    243968                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 869504                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 243968                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        3                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   824                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   733                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   896                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   734                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   739                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   559                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   864                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1149                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1023                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   952                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 1065                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 1096                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  762                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  666                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  715                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  806                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   284                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                   220                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                   275                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                   217                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                   120                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                   103                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   245                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   380                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   320                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   285                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                  353                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                  313                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                  139                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   92                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  148                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  318                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     16858931500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   13586                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   3812                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      8527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         3146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      352.874762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     146.633537                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     983.822227                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           1436     45.65%     45.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129          584     18.56%     64.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          281      8.93%     73.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          194      6.17%     79.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          106      3.37%     82.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           74      2.35%     85.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           62      1.97%     87.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           40      1.27%     88.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           33      1.05%     89.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           33      1.05%     90.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           22      0.70%     91.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           20      0.64%     91.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           24      0.76%     92.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           22      0.70%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           21      0.67%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           16      0.51%     94.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           10      0.32%     94.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           13      0.41%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            9      0.29%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            9      0.29%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            5      0.16%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           13      0.41%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            7      0.22%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           11      0.35%     96.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            5      0.16%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            5      0.16%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            4      0.13%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            1      0.03%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            5      0.16%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            2      0.06%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.03%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            1      0.03%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            1      0.03%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.03%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            2      0.06%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            3      0.10%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            3      0.10%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            3      0.10%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            2      0.06%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.06%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.03%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.03%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.10%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.06%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.03%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.03%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.03%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.03%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.03%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.03%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.03%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.03%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.03%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.03%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.03%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.03%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.03%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.03%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.03%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.06%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           36      1.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           3146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      116041000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 347869750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     67915000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   163913750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8543.11                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12067.57                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25610.67                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          51.57                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          14.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  51.57                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  14.47                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.02                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      12345                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1887                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   90.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  49.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       969015.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     66045525                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              3812                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8156                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8156                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        30984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         30984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      1113472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    1113472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                1113472                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            23947000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           64461750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         1236610                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      1173895                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        78395                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups       402726                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits          393404                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     97.685275                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           13992                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           82                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             21188233                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                424                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         21188657                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             6835450                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2205                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         6837655                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             28023683                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2629                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         28026312                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             3759706                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               127                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         3759833                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 33718318                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles      3866267                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               52215740                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             1236610                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches       407396                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles               6804916                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          732499                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       21914372                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           84                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3354                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3759706                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         12485                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     33216859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.571965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.151304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         26411943     79.51%     79.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           129981      0.39%     79.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           101239      0.30%     80.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            33340      0.10%     80.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            37469      0.11%     80.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            24642      0.07%     80.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            13570      0.04%     80.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           288645      0.87%     81.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6176030     18.59%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     33216859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.036675                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.548587                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          6726399                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      19106937                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           3790190                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2965785                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         627547                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        46728                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           333                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       51838548                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1041                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         627547                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          7422828                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         5379164                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1343537                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5969890                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12473892                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       51357553                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            40                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         269274                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      12010836                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     42883744                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      74960895                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     73944125                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1016770                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      38793226                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          4090518                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        55238                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          145                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          21537927                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22103847                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      7182501                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13910612                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3017376                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           50980347                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          251                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          48657045                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         5192                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      4428754                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3765257                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           63                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     33216859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.464830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      7972595     24.00%     24.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     12054340     36.29%     60.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6240305     18.79%     79.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4248450     12.79%     91.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2206126      6.64%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       432737      1.30%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        48300      0.15%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13292      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          714      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     33216859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             554      0.20%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              3      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.01%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         278848     98.16%     98.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          4627      1.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        22413      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      19641702     40.37%     40.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       443789      0.91%     41.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       277173      0.57%     41.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        26012      0.05%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt        92129      0.19%     42.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        20418      0.04%     42.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        21645      0.04%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21265366     43.70%     85.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6846398     14.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       48657045                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.443045                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              284072                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    129542955                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     54631739                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47814425                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1277258                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       804897                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       628558                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       48279544                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          639160                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      8540991                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1885028                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4694                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        27508                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       497347                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2570                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         627547                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          139020                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          7036                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     51024722                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      22103847                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7182501                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          160                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           1199                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          1000                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        27508                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        23456                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55313                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        78769                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      48552305                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      21188661                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       104740                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 44124                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             28026316                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          1078641                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            6837655                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.439939                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               48500873                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              48442983                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          40184596                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          40875506                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.436696                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983097                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      4464771                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          188                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        78079                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     32589312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.428511                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.967386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10563827     32.42%     32.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13496527     41.41%     73.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4523927     13.88%     87.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       768946      2.36%     90.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       578554      1.78%     91.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       392394      1.20%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       255067      0.78%     93.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       184182      0.57%     94.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1825888      5.60%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     32589312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     46554185                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       46554185                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               26903973                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              20218819                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            1028790                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             574490                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          46160170                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        13718                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1825888                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             81777219                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           102666808                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    5938                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  501459                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            46520833                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              46520833                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total      46520833                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.724800                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.724800                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.379690                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.379690                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         70150492                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        40072348                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            626671                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           496777                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           26800                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          11363                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      5697                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7096.141422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       15441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     13572                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.137710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5826.531339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   334.610231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   814.351976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         88.979331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         31.668546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.711247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.040846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.099408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.010862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.003866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.866228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    7037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16567                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16567                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3713                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  3713                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         10741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    10750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        10741                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   10750                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  5431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8156                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8156                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        12811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  13587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        12811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 13587                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55088750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    333674250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       388763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    522792250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     522792250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55088750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    856466500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        911555250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55088750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    856466500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       911555250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               12468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16567                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16567                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11869                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11869                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                24337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               24337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.398442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.435595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.687168                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.687168                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.543945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.558286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.543945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.558286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70990.657216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71680.827068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71582.213220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64099.098823                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64099.098823                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70990.657216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66853.992663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67090.251711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70990.657216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66853.992663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67090.251711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3812                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3812                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             5431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8156                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           8156                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             13587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            13587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     46182250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    280236750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    326419000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    429040750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    429040750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     46182250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    709277500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    755459750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     46182250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    709277500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    755459750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.398442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.435595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.687168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.687168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.543945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.558286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.543945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.558286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59513.208763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60201.235231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60102.927638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52604.309711                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52604.309711                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59513.208763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55364.725626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55601.659675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59513.208763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55364.725626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55601.659675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   155274175                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              12468                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             12467                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            16567                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11869                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11869                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side        63671                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                        65240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        50176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      2567616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   2617792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               2617792                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           37019000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1366750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          38460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               464                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           485.997094                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             3761753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               973                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           3866.138746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   403.384644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    82.612450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.787861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.161352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.949213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3758538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         3758538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3758538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          3758538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3758538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         3758538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78268250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78268250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78268250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78268250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78268250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78268250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3759706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3759706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3759706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      3759706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3759706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      3759706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67010.488014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67010.488014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67010.488014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67010.488014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67010.488014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67010.488014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55966250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55966250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55966250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55966250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55966250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55966250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71294.585987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71294.585987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71294.585987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71294.585987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71294.585987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71294.585987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             23120                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           508.718439                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            19249444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             23630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            814.618874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   508.646219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.072220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.993450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12615029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        12615029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6633622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6633622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     19248651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         19248651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     19248651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        19248651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        30966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         30966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        51453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        82419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          82419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        82419                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         82419                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1110729750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1110729750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2584009868                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2584009868                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       171250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       171250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3694739618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3694739618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3694739618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3694739618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12645995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12645995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6685075                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6685075                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19331070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19331070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19331070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19331070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007697                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007697                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35869.332494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35869.332494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50220.781451                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50220.781451                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24464.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24464.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44828.736311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44828.736311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44828.736311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44828.736311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       123147                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1620                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    76.016667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16567                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             16567                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        19284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        39586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        39586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        58870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        58870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        23549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        23549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    415858750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    415858750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    571761250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    571761250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    987620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    987620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    987620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    987620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001775                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001775                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35598.249444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35598.249444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48180.774416                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48180.774416                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41938.935836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41938.935836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41938.935836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41938.935836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
