
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.746016                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                746015502500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               746017213500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  70705                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    70705                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               23062762                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750264                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 32347.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287097435                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287097435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        35776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       747072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               782848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        35776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           35776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       125184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            125184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 12232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1956                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1956                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        47956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      1001416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1049372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        47956                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              47956                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            167803                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 167803                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            167803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        47956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      1001416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1217176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         12232                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1956                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          14188                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       782848                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    125184                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 782848                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 125184                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        3                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   894                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   532                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   532                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   714                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   853                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   576                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   910                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1320                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1181                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   666                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  560                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  623                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  607                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  725                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  997                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   170                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     7                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    46                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    26                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    23                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   199                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   427                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   348                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   138                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                   13                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   64                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   42                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   43                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  145                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  259                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    746015278000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   12232                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1956                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1623.712230                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     354.879393                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2838.040756                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            200     35.97%     35.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           55      9.89%     45.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           21      3.78%     49.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           31      5.58%     55.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           15      2.70%     57.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           15      2.70%     60.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            7      1.26%     61.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            8      1.44%     63.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            7      1.26%     64.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            5      0.90%     65.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            2      0.36%     65.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            6      1.08%     66.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           13      2.34%     69.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            3      0.54%     69.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            8      1.44%     71.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            4      0.72%     71.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            3      0.54%     72.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            3      0.54%     73.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            2      0.36%     73.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           10      1.80%     75.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            3      0.54%     75.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            4      0.72%     76.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473           10      1.80%     78.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            1      0.18%     78.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            2      0.36%     78.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            2      0.36%     79.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            4      0.72%     79.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            1      0.18%     80.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            1      0.18%     80.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.18%     80.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.18%     80.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.18%     80.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.18%     80.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            1      0.18%     81.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            2      0.36%     81.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.18%     81.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            3      0.54%     82.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            2      0.36%     82.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.18%     82.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.36%     83.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.18%     83.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.18%     83.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            2      0.36%     83.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            3      0.54%     84.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.18%     84.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            1      0.18%     84.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.18%     84.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.18%     85.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.18%     85.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            2      0.36%     85.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.18%     85.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.18%     85.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            2      0.36%     86.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.18%     86.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.18%     86.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.18%     86.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            4      0.72%     87.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.18%     87.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.18%     87.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.18%     88.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.18%     88.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.72%     89.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           54      9.71%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10241            1      0.18%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10624-10625            1      0.18%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10753            2      0.36%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13441            2      0.36%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13569            1      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       32929750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 266348500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     61145000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   172273750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2692.76                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14087.31                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21780.07                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.05                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.05                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.17                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.13                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11877                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1751                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  89.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     52580721.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1217176                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1956                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        26420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         26420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       908032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     908032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 908032                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            14918000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           58042500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77509616                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72499634                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4196877                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77240889                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        76960145                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.636534                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          265680                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           72                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100687299                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15165                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1100702464                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441229007                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1541                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441230548                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1541916306                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16706                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1541933012                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217673832                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               128                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217673960                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1492031005                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    217979355                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2568667010                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77509616                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77225825                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357005583                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33082032                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      887691446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           86                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3375                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217673832                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         25749                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1491497405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.722207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.135540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1134491822     76.06%     76.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4471556      0.30%     76.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4239450      0.28%     76.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            20882      0.00%     76.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8691860      0.58%     77.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           532506      0.04%     77.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63499657      4.26%     81.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67171380      4.50%     86.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208378292     13.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1491497405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.051949                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.721591                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        342252593                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     767340284                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         134502021                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     218585243                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28817263                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4744021                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           308                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2537344995                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           958                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28817263                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        354875765                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       142285661                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15976516                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341080289                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     608461910                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2519449856                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            93                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          16930                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     603775588                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967125946                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3598342686                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3593245464                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5097222                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1784969328                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182156618                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1054445                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        1001874755                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1149818075                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470363742                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641282833                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    317011654                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509122224                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          226                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2389798752                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8980                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    222023150                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    194930398                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1491497405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.602282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    328004190     21.99%     21.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    414911942     27.82%     49.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    422753831     28.34%     78.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    183809102     12.32%     90.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    132774495      8.90%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8901905      0.60%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        57763      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       275657      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8520      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1491497405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14730      0.40%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          193      0.01%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             5      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         291882      7.99%      8.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3347093     91.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       524295      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     717876691     30.04%     30.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118512393      4.96%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1336786      0.06%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2227      0.00%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       792186      0.03%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11625      0.00%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262893      0.01%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1108972701     46.40%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441506955     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2389798752                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.601709                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3653903                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001529                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6266756378                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2727209189                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2376457843                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      8001414                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4006607                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4000464                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2388927554                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         4000806                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439470690                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106524454                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3115                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        70966                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41174080                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1035                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28817263                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        17759609                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       3379217                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2509406840                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6230                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1149818075                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470363742                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          139                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           6191                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       2692143                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        70966                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4196553                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          912                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4197465                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2381187239                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1100702466                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8611513                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                284390                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1541933027                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         72970526                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441230561                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.595937                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2380506323                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2380458307                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1811465900                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1812453639                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.595448                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999455                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    222033368                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4196583                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1462680142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.563821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.297953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    623324107     42.62%     42.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    459041996     31.38%     74.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    134797079      9.22%     83.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8864391      0.61%     83.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        30047      0.00%     83.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62748671      4.29%     88.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     58208482      3.98%     92.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     56296194      3.85%     95.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     59369175      4.06%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1462680142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287370520                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287370520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472483283                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043293621                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72675806                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3996075                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2280760700                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      59369175                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3912711670                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5047627597                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  434819                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  533600                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287094044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287094044                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287094044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.652370                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.652370                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.532873                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.532873                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3385977355                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1863095964                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2708558                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2676921                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          547424                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         262300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4353                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8180.593770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3846033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    308.620847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                 368449000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5562.066968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    39.393112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2579.037814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.076355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.019521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.678963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.314824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2370428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 2370428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          1481462                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               1481462                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        57963                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 57963                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       2428391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2428391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2428391                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2428391                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5922                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5922                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  12233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          560                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11673                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 12233                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40090750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    354055500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       394146250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    379724750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     379724750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40090750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    733780250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        773871000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40090750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    733780250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       773871000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2376179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             2376739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1481462                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           1481462                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        63885                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             63885                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2440064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2440624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2440064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2440624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.002655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.092698                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.092698                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.005012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.005012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71590.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61564.162754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62453.850420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64121.031746                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64121.031746                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71590.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62861.325281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63260.933540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71590.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62861.325281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63260.933540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1956                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1956                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5922                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5922                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             12233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            12233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     33670250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287974500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    321644750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    311677250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    311677250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     33670250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    599651750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    633322000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     33670250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    599651750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    633322000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.002655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.092698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.005012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.005012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60125.446429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50073.813250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50965.734432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52630.403580                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52630.403580                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60125.446429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51370.834404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51771.601406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60125.446429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51370.834404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51771.601406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   336472150                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2376739                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2376738                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1481462                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            63885                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           63885                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1119                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      6361590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      6362709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        35776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    250977664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 251013440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             251013440                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3442505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            974250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3662956250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               248                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           456.981389                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217676220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               748                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          291010.989305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   333.974401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   123.006988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.652294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.240248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.892542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217673005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217673005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217673005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217673005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217673005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217673005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56156750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56156750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56156750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     56156750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56156750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     56156750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217673832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217673832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217673832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217673832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217673832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217673832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67904.171705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67904.171705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67904.171705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67904.171705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67904.171705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67904.171705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40652750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40652750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40652750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40652750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40652750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40652750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72594.196429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72594.196429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72594.196429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72594.196429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72594.196429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72594.196429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2439936                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           205.993596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1087437826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2440142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            445.645305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   205.991944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.402328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.402331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    658490877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       658490877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    428946161                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      428946161                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1087437038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1087437038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1087437038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1087437038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2724770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2724770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       243424                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       243424                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2968194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2968194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2968194                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2968194                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36125186500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36125186500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3928895599                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3928895599                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       377000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       377000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40054082099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40054082099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40054082099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  40054082099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661215647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661215647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429189585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429189585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090405232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090405232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090405232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090405232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000567                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000567                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.115385                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.115385                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13258.068204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13258.068204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16140.132440                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16140.132440                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41888.888889                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41888.888889                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13494.428632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13494.428632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13494.428632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13494.428632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7825                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               249                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.425703                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1481462                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1481462                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       346940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       346940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       181195                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       181195                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       528135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       528135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       528135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       528135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2377830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2377830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        62229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        62229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2440059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2440059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2440059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2440059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26618771250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26618771250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1005676499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1005676499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       183000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       183000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27624447749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27624447749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27624447749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27624447749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000145                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064103                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064103                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11194.564477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11194.564477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16160.897636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16160.897636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        36600                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        36600                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11321.221228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11321.221228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11321.221228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11321.221228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
