
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.736272                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                736271625000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               736273336000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  69661                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    69661                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               22422120                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750256                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 32836.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287437365                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287437365                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        36672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       739520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               776192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       121728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            121728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 12128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1902                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1902                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        49808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      1004412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1054220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49808                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              49808                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            165330                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 165330                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            165330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        49808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      1004412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1219550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         12128                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1902                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          14030                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       776192                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    121728                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 776192                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 121728                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        3                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   903                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   529                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   532                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   703                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   845                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   576                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   889                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1294                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1178                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   663                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  559                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  610                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  599                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  713                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  993                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   170                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    41                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    24                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    23                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   185                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   423                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   346                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   138                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                   12                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   54                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   39                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   37                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  143                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  256                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    736271395000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   12128                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1902                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1558.673647                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     338.160304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2797.269023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            216     37.70%     37.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           50      8.73%     46.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           28      4.89%     51.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           26      4.54%     55.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           17      2.97%     58.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           12      2.09%     60.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            8      1.40%     62.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            8      1.40%     63.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            8      1.40%     65.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            7      1.22%     66.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            3      0.52%     66.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            7      1.22%     68.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           10      1.75%     69.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            6      1.05%     70.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            9      1.57%     72.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            6      1.05%     73.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            5      0.87%     74.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            7      1.22%     75.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            3      0.52%     76.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            4      0.70%     76.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            3      0.52%     77.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            5      0.87%     78.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            5      0.87%     79.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            1      0.17%     79.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            2      0.35%     79.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            2      0.35%     79.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            2      0.35%     80.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.17%     80.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            1      0.17%     80.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            1      0.17%     80.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            4      0.70%     81.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            1      0.17%     81.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.17%     81.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.17%     82.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.17%     82.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            1      0.17%     82.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            1      0.17%     82.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            3      0.52%     83.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            2      0.35%     83.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            2      0.35%     83.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.17%     83.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.17%     84.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.17%     84.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            2      0.35%     84.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.17%     84.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.17%     84.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            1      0.17%     85.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            2      0.35%     85.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.17%     85.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.17%     85.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            2      0.35%     86.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.35%     86.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.17%     86.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.17%     86.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.17%     87.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.17%     87.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.17%     87.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.17%     87.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.17%     87.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.17%     87.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.35%     88.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.17%     88.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.17%     88.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.52%     89.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           55      9.60%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10497            1      0.17%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10624-10625            2      0.35%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12352-12353            1      0.17%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13441            2      0.35%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13569            1      0.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       34354250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 266318000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     60625000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   171338750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2833.34                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14131.03                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21964.37                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.05                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.05                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.17                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.40                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11769                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1669                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  87.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     52478360.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1219550                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1902                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5888                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5888                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        26158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         26158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       897920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     897920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 897920                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            14623000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           57553000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77553726                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72537407                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4201982                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77272902                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        76992187                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.636723                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          266354                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           77                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100852756                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15166                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1100867922                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441289821                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1558                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441291379                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1542142577                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16724                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1542159301                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217768040                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               127                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217768167                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1472543250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    218077371                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2569645800                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77553726                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77258541                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357157818                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33134898                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      868277753                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           86                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3371                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217768040                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         29160                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1472376778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.745237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.150035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1115218960     75.74%     75.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4474669      0.30%     76.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4244599      0.29%     76.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            42945      0.00%     76.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8695666      0.59%     76.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           549220      0.04%     76.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63500512      4.31%     81.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67180394      4.56%     85.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208469813     14.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1472376778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.052667                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.745039                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        341530766                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     748780910                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         134315873                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     218889160                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28860068                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4749503                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           310                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2538056148                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           972                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28860068                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        353497567                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       126422704                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15959488                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341523166                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     606113784                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2520108731                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            95                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          19068                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     601506209                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967688383                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3599223747                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3594130907                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5092840                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1785266364                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182422019                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1053664                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         998930574                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1149988367                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470389427                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641345962                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    316376576                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509703061                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          225                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2390455518                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9338                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    222258926                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    194843913                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           46                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1472376778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.623535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236182                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    311166406     21.13%     21.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    410619677     27.89%     49.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    423839727     28.79%     77.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    184383708     12.52%     90.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    133458476      9.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8575008      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        48774      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       276341      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8661      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1472376778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14725      0.39%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              4      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          197      0.01%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             5      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         290790      7.77%      8.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3438731     91.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       523779      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     718231567     30.05%     30.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118514401      4.96%     35.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1335500      0.06%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2229      0.00%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       791414      0.03%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11627      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262635      0.01%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1109213179     46.40%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441569187     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2390455518                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.623352                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3744452                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001566                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6249047895                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2728034386                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2377094845                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7993709                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4003249                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3996616                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2389679236                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3996955                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439520533                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106603604                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4546                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        76224                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41176737                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1030                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28860068                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7828215                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1609090                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2509988304                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7230                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1149988367                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470389427                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          138                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           6261                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       1107019                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        76224                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4199318                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3507                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4202825                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2381792377                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1100867924                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8663141                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                285018                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1542159319                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         72994552                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441291395                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.617469                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2381143967                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2381091461                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1812188724                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1813182487                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.616993                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999452                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    222275001                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4201685                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1443516710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.584817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.308520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    605654617     41.96%     41.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    457941674     31.72%     73.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    133873844      9.27%     82.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8952652      0.62%     83.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32452      0.00%     83.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62744694      4.35%     87.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     58716629      4.07%     91.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     55791362      3.86%     95.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     59808786      4.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1443516710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287710192                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287710192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472597453                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043384763                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72696188                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3992205                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2281100372                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      59808786                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3893689932                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5048833473                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   86513                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  166472                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287433974                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287433974                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287433974                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.643753                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.643753                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.553390                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.553390                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3386821427                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1863652343                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2705989                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2674359                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          546908                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         262042                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4247                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8136.188834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     2194897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12339                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    177.882892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5566.725776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    45.555199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2523.809993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.078021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.019845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.679532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.005561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.308082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.993187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1277996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 1277996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           922714                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                922714                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        37314                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 37314                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       1315310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1315310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1315310                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1315310                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5888                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5888                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  12129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          574                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11555                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 12129                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40999250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    350958750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       391958000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    377583500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     377583500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40999250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    728542250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        769541500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40999250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    728542250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       769541500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1283663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1284237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       922714                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            922714                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        43202                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             43202                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1326865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1327439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1326865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1327439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.004860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.136290                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.136290                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.009137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.009137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71427.264808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61930.254103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62803.717353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64127.632473                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64127.632473                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71427.264808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63049.956729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63446.409432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71427.264808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63049.956729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63446.409432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1902                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1902                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5888                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5888                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             12129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            12129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34421750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    285834250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    320256000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    309923500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    309923500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34421750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    595757750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    630179500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34421750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    595757750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    630179500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.004860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.136290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.009137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.009137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59968.205575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50438.371272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51314.853389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52636.463995                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52636.463995                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59968.205575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51558.437906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51956.426746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59968.205575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51558.437906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51956.426746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   195593207                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1284237                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1284236                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           922714                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            43202                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           43202                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      3576444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      3577591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        36672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    143973056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 144009728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             144009728                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2047790500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            996750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1993135500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               262                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           460.974984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217770392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               762                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          285787.916010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   339.963926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   121.011059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.663992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.236350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217767177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217767177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217767177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217767177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217767177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217767177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     60061250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60061250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     60061250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60061250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     60061250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60061250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217768040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217768040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217768040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217768040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217768040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217768040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69595.886443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69595.886443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69595.886443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69595.886443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69595.886443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69595.886443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          133                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    33.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          289                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          289                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41575250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41575250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41575250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41575250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41575250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41575250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72430.749129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72430.749129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72430.749129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72430.749129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72430.749129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72430.749129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1326615                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           327.980063                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1088697870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1326943                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            820.455641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   327.978390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.640583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.640586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    659707162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       659707162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    428989918                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      428989918                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1088697080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1088697080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1088697080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1088697080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1624094                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1624094                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       222695                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       222695                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1846789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1846789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1846789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1846789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  21785869750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21785869750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3653490858                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3653490858                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25439360608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25439360608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25439360608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25439360608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661331256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661331256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429212613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429212613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090543869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090543869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090543869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090543869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000519                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000519                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13414.167992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13414.167992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16405.805510                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16405.805510                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13774.914518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13774.914518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13774.914518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13774.914518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7379                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               233                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.669528                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       922714                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            922714                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       338759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       338759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       181168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       181168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       519927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       519927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       519927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       519927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1285335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1285335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        41527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1326862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1326862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1326862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1326862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14529642750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14529642750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    776018499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    776018499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15305661249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15305661249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15305661249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15305661249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11304.167980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11304.167980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18687.083078                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18687.083078                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11535.232186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11535.232186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11535.232186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11535.232186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
