
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.181891                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                181891456500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               181893167500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  30775                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    30775                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9738743                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750524                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 18677.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   574795041                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     574795041                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        60160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4794432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4854592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        60160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           60160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2171968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2171968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        74913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 75853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           33937                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                33937                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       330747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     26358753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                26689500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       330747                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             330747                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          11941012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               11941012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          11941012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       330747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     26358753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               38630511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         75853                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        33937                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         109790                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      4854592                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2171968                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                4854592                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2171968                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       15                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4749                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4686                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4696                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  4753                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  4957                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  4790                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4700                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4492                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  4657                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  4697                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 4861                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4813                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 4804                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 4746                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 4718                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4719                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2133                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2122                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2134                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2127                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2097                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2113                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2207                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2012                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2049                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2105                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2079                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2135                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2166                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2145                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2152                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2161                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    181891165000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   75853                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  33937                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     56613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      560.310370                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     224.809972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1132.600169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4137     33.02%     33.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1870     14.93%     47.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1139      9.09%     57.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          818      6.53%     63.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          520      4.15%     67.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          381      3.04%     70.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          350      2.79%     73.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          362      2.89%     76.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          198      1.58%     78.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          146      1.17%     79.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          114      0.91%     80.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          129      1.03%     81.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           93      0.74%     81.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           87      0.69%     82.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          100      0.80%     83.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          134      1.07%     84.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           83      0.66%     85.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           90      0.72%     85.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           73      0.58%     86.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          196      1.56%     87.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           65      0.52%     88.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           49      0.39%     88.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          423      3.38%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          351      2.80%     95.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           34      0.27%     95.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           32      0.26%     95.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           14      0.11%     95.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            6      0.05%     95.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            5      0.04%     95.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           18      0.14%     95.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            5      0.04%     95.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           17      0.14%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            8      0.06%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            8      0.06%     96.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            8      0.06%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            8      0.06%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            9      0.07%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            7      0.06%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            9      0.07%     96.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            8      0.06%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            5      0.04%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            6      0.05%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            2      0.02%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            7      0.06%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            5      0.04%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            7      0.06%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            5      0.04%     96.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           10      0.08%     97.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            4      0.03%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            5      0.04%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            6      0.05%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            7      0.06%     97.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            9      0.07%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            4      0.03%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            3      0.02%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            5      0.04%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            5      0.04%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            2      0.02%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            5      0.04%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            2      0.02%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            5      0.04%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            9      0.07%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            2      0.02%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            6      0.05%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            8      0.06%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            4      0.03%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            9      0.07%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            6      0.05%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.01%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            4      0.03%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            6      0.05%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            9      0.07%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            3      0.02%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            4      0.03%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            4      0.03%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            7      0.06%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.01%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            3      0.02%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            2      0.02%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            4      0.03%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            3      0.02%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.01%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            3      0.02%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            3      0.02%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            3      0.02%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.02%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.01%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.02%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.01%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            2      0.02%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            3      0.02%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            6      0.05%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            4      0.03%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.01%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            2      0.02%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            3      0.02%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            4      0.03%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            3      0.02%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.01%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            4      0.03%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            2      0.02%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            5      0.04%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.02%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.02%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.01%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.01%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            5      0.04%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            6      0.05%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            4      0.03%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            3      0.02%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            2      0.02%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.02%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            4      0.03%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            5      0.04%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            2      0.02%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            2      0.02%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            5      0.04%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            1      0.01%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            3      0.02%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            5      0.04%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          108      0.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      708420250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2020712750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    379190000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   933102500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9341.23                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12303.89                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26645.12                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          26.69                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          11.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  26.69                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  11.94                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.32                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      70720                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     26516                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  78.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1656718.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     38630511                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               40020                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              40020                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             33937                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             35833                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            35833                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       185643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        185643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      7026560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    7026560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                7026560                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           190643000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          359713750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        58319071                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     47132090                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       721563                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     37727002                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        37230751                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.684626                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         3026722                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         3867                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            188877140                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1100                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        188878240                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            78857155                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4730                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        78861885                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            267734295                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5830                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        267740125                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            66577488                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               188                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        66577676                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               106864                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                363784531                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     67072609                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              623669371                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            58319071                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     40257473                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             104557245                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         5878828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      182567001                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           94                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         4612                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          66577488                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        259244                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    359183318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.736354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.007554                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        254626073     70.89%     70.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          6486375      1.81%     72.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6810932      1.90%     74.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          9775516      2.72%     77.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          7489223      2.09%     79.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          9369433      2.61%     82.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6836673      1.90%     83.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5902255      1.64%     85.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         51886838     14.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    359183318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.160312                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.714392                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         86193575                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     163955175                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          88177589                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      15884902                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4972076                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      6392382                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          9700                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      620719296                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1179                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4972076                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         95919503                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        42780911                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     49055575                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          93805132                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      72650120                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      617198339                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           455                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       18937740                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      46849558                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    476292670                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     876608641                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    871196266                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5412375                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     445706896                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         30585774                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1294031                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       320857                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         146380630                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    192384790                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     81025470                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     75551838                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     21119651                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          608808337                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       534795                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         594765024                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       415397                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     34055564                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25023925                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          406                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    359183318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.655882                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.653693                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    109094364     30.37%     30.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     90642756     25.24%     55.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     64476026     17.95%     73.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     45210753     12.59%     86.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     26384315      7.35%     93.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     13050220      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5110587      1.42%     98.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3628301      1.01%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1585996      0.44%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    359183318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          839219     17.17%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           4572      0.09%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            14      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        3491830     71.46%     88.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        550877     11.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       106846      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     317678827     53.41%     53.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      6505358      1.09%     54.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     54.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       997545      0.17%     54.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       282033      0.05%     54.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       236063      0.04%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        55501      0.01%     54.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        59107      0.01%     54.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        51476      0.01%     54.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     54.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     54.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     54.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     54.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     54.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     54.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     54.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    189753158     31.90%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     79039110     13.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      594765024                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.634938                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             4886552                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.008216                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1547442298                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    639878659                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    589092573                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      6573017                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      3710825                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3211374                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      596196325                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3348405                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     59051069                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     11225249                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        75385                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       196150                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3734145                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       230627                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        17277                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4972076                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        10215081                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2395778                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    613971904                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54707                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     192384790                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     81025470                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       320845                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1733864                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         28375                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       196150                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       557439                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       171801                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       729240                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     593760185                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     188878242                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1004839                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4628772                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            267740127                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         55756867                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           78861885                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.632175                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              592744032                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             592303947                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         424325121                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         482923981                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.628172                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.878658                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     35043943                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       534389                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       711885                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    354211242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.634963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.586488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    163205212     46.08%     46.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    102371818     28.90%     74.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     25529712      7.21%     82.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8681360      2.45%     84.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5583932      1.58%     86.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2678135      0.76%     86.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1889821      0.53%     87.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1588335      0.45%     87.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     42682917     12.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    354211242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    579122332                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      579122332                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              258450866                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             181159541                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              213761                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           54442537                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2972544                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         567737646                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2883297                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      42682917                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            925682120                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1233315312                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  244892                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4601213                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           574791650                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             574791650                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     574791650                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.632898                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.632898                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.580033                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.580033                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        844108931                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       459214260                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           3390668                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1815656                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1286445                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         427524                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     67968                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8162.622847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     9611769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     76080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    126.337658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               28378034500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1620.035017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    71.821778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6470.518434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.195474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.052144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.197758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.008767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.789858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5994238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5994241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          3653270                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               3653270                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1470301                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1470301                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       7464539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7464542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7464539                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7464542                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        39080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 40021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        35833                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               35833                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        74913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  75854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        74913                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 75854                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64570750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2481081250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2545652000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2621709750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2621709750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64570750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5102791000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5167361750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64570750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5102791000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5167361750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6033318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             6034262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3653270                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           3653270                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1506134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1506134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7539452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7540396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7539452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7540396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.006632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023791                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.023791                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.010060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.010060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68619.287991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63487.237718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63607.905849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73164.673625                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73164.673625                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68619.287991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68116.228158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68122.468822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68619.287991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68116.228158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68122.468822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                33937                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     33937                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        39080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            40021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        35833                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          35833                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             75854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            75854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53772250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2032324750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2086097000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2210131250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2210131250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53772250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4242456000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4296228250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53772250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4242456000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4296228250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.006632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.010060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57143.730074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52004.215711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52125.059344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61678.655150                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61678.655150                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57143.730074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56631.772857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56638.123896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57143.730074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56631.772857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56638.123896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  3938582789                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            6034262                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           6034261                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          3653270                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1506134                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1506134                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     18732174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     18734061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    716334208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 716394560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             716394560                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         9250103000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1643999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       11327298500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               620                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           502.467961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            66579217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          58815.562721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      181889909750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   457.657282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    44.810679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.893862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.087521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66576002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        66576002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66576002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         66576002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66576002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        66576002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98610499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98610499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98610499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98610499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98610499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98610499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66577488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     66577488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66577488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     66577488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66577488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     66577488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66359.689771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66359.689771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66359.689771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66359.689771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66359.689771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66359.689771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          542                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          542                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65548501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65548501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65548501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65548501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65548501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65548501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69436.971398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69436.971398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69436.971398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69436.971398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69436.971398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69436.971398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           7539358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           171.952916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           188105641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           7539530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             24.949253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   171.946141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.006774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.335832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.335846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    115859432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       115859432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     71824715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       71824715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       207091                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       207091                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       213761                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       213761                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    187684147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        187684147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    187684147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       187684147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     13514377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      13514377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5252849                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5252849                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6670                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6670                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     18767226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       18767226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     18767226                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      18767226                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 152341303250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 152341303250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79348053191                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  79348053191                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     90236000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     90236000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 231689356441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 231689356441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 231689356441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 231689356441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    129373809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    129373809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     77077564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     77077564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       213761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       213761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       213761                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       213761                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    206451373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    206451373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    206451373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    206451373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.104460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.104460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.068150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031203                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.031203                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.090904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.090904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11272.536148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11272.536148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15105.717524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15105.717524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13528.635682                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13528.635682                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12345.423689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12345.423689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12345.423689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12345.423689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       760224                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             11812                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    64.360312                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3653270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3653270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7480410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7480410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3747367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3747367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         6667                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         6667                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11227777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     11227777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11227777                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     11227777                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6033967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6033967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1505482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1505482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7539449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7539449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7539449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7539449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  70303877000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  70303877000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19459896496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19459896496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  89763773496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  89763773496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  89763773496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  89763773496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019532                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019532                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11651.352584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11651.352584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12926.024022                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12926.024022                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11905.879793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11905.879793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11905.879793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11905.879793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
