
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.052395                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 52394921500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                52396632500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  32474                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    32474                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11715427                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 749540                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4472.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   145233775                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     145233775                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      3309696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3359040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1597120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1597120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        51714                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 52485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           24955                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                24955                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       941771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     63168260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                64110030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       941771                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             941771                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          30482344                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               30482344                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          30482344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       941771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     63168260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               94592374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         52485                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        24955                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          77440                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      3359040                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1597120                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                3359040                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1597120                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        4                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  3402                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  3437                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3560                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  3273                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  3370                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  3263                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  3381                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  3201                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  3216                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  3164                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 3306                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 3177                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 3190                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 3086                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 3168                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 3287                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1643                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1669                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1684                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1566                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1575                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1600                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1706                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1493                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1474                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1506                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1513                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1511                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1493                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1451                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1502                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1569                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     52394641000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   52485                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  24955                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     35114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      7782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        18237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      271.388496                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     122.578716                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     752.474295                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65          10318     56.58%     56.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         2861     15.69%     72.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1199      6.57%     78.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          718      3.94%     82.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          649      3.56%     86.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          537      2.94%     89.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          293      1.61%     90.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          182      1.00%     91.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          110      0.60%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           62      0.34%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           81      0.44%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           85      0.47%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           48      0.26%     94.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           25      0.14%     94.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           38      0.21%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           51      0.28%     94.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           32      0.18%     94.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           31      0.17%     94.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           22      0.12%     95.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           94      0.52%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           25      0.14%     95.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           26      0.14%     95.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          215      1.18%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          191      1.05%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           19      0.10%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           10      0.05%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           20      0.11%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            9      0.05%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            8      0.04%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            4      0.02%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            6      0.03%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            6      0.03%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           12      0.07%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            8      0.04%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            5      0.03%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            3      0.02%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            5      0.03%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            3      0.02%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            3      0.02%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            5      0.03%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.01%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            2      0.01%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            2      0.01%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            5      0.03%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            3      0.02%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.01%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.02%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.01%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.01%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            3      0.02%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.01%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            2      0.01%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            2      0.01%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            6      0.03%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.01%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            2      0.01%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            2      0.01%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            3      0.02%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.01%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.01%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            2      0.01%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            2      0.01%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.01%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            4      0.02%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            3      0.02%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            4      0.02%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            2      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            9      0.05%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            5      0.03%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            3      0.02%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            3      0.02%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            2      0.01%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            4      0.02%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            3      0.02%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            3      0.02%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            5      0.03%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            6      0.03%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            4      0.02%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            1      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            2      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            4      0.02%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            4      0.02%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            2      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            3      0.02%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.02%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           66      0.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          18237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      752981500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1725807750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    262405000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   710421250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14347.70                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    13536.73                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  32884.43                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          64.11                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          30.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  64.11                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  30.48                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.03                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.96                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      45643                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     13556                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   86.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  54.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       676583.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     94592374                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               25388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             24955                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             27097                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            27097                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       129925                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        129925                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      4956160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    4956160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                4956160                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           138540000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          248932750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         3493152                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3313067                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       220648                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1322199                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1297562                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.136665                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           36668                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           80                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             66055200                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1160                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         66056360                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            21607511                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4311                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        21611822                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             87662711                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5471                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         87668182                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            11685022                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               131                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        11685153                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                104789843                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     11960045                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              161560336                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             3493152                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1334230                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              21077359                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         2098753                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       67361297                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3394                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          11685022                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         34898                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    102199955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.580826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.157204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         81122596     79.38%     79.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           428064      0.42%     79.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           311697      0.30%     80.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            97877      0.10%     80.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           104464      0.10%     80.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            73314      0.07%     80.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            33867      0.03%     80.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           996989      0.98%     81.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         19031087     18.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    102199955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.033335                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.541756                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         20882489                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      58587860                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          11902404                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       9029745                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1797456                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       138582                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           326                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      160448076                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1014                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1797456                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         23101807                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        16222963                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4412430                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          18431195                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      38234103                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      159023824                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           946                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         776159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      36746348                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    132768888                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     232489495                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    229364449                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      3125046                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     121086060                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11682828                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       167709                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          145                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          66661989                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     68654050                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     22604287                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     43694999                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      9546962                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          157970515                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          259                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         151368403                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16676                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12644535                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10730565                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           69                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    102199955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.481100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     24293182     23.77%     23.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     36712125     35.92%     59.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     19165459     18.75%     78.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13563569     13.27%     91.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6923458      6.77%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1353266      1.32%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       148296      0.15%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        40085      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          515      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    102199955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             415      0.05%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult            164      0.02%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd           190      0.02%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             3      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           42      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         873770     97.20%     97.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         24321      2.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        67653      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      60725662     40.12%     40.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1314939      0.87%     41.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       856383      0.57%     41.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        80462      0.05%     41.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       284503      0.19%     41.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        57189      0.04%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        65585      0.04%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     66276313     43.78%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21639714     14.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      151368403                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.444495                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              898905                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005939                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    401949304                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168201602                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148840726                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3903038                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2494993                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1918362                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      150246230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1953425                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     27136441                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5350560                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        12372                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        81939                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1434447                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11436                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1797456                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          548625                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         31323                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    158095081                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8630                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      68654050                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     22604287                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          168                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           4618                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          3291                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        81939                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        71089                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       151831                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       222920                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     151066851                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      66056362                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       301552                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                124307                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             87668184                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3074013                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           21611822                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.441617                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              150918008                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             150759088                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         124999143                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         127061063                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.438680                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983772                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12757552                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       220335                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    100402499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.447381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.999702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     32511596     32.38%     32.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     41387823     41.22%     73.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     13977451     13.92%     87.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2302859      2.29%     89.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1813666      1.81%     91.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1195221      1.19%     92.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       650172      0.65%     93.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       572097      0.57%     94.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5991614      5.97%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    100402499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    145320694                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      145320694                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               84473330                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              63303490                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2926763                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            1744320                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         144128554                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        36345                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       5991614                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            252474363                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           317958042                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   28074                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2589888                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           145230384                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             145230384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     145230384                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.721542                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.721542                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.385920                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.385920                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        218673959                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       124658136                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           1912830                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1522635                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           72021                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          33983                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     44500                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8093.599865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       17003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     52531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.323676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               49992108500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6083.843109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    79.584924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1929.283709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.694281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.193842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.742657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.009715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.235508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.987988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        10054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   10054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            33796                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 33796                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         5286                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  5286                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         15340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    15340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        15340                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   15340                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        24617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 25389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        27097                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               27097                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        51714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  52486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        51714                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 52486                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1816217750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1867828750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2036301500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2036301500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51611000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3852519250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3904130250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51611000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3852519250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3904130250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               35443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        33796                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             33796                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        32383                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             32383                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        67054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                67826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        67054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               67826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.710017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.716333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.836766                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.836766                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.771229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.773833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.771229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.773833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66853.626943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73779.004347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73568.425302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75148.595786                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75148.595786                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66853.626943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74496.640175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74384.221507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66853.626943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74496.640175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74384.221507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                24955                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     24955                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        24617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            25389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        27097                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          27097                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        51714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             52486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        51714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            52486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     42755000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1533492250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1576247250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1725047500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1725047500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     42755000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3258539750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3301294750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     42755000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3258539750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3301294750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.710017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.716333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.836766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.836766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.771229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.773833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.771229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.773833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55382.124352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62294.034610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62083.865060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63661.936746                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63661.936746                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55382.124352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63010.785281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62898.577716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55382.124352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63010.785281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62898.577716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   124129282                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              35443                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             35442                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            33796                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            32383                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           32383                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       167904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       169447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      6454400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   6503744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               6503744                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           84607000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1344000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         113138750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               449                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.378334                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11687087                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               960                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          12174.048958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   395.003100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.375234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.771490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.174561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11683872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11683872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11683872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11683872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11683872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11683872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1150                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1150                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     74634500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74634500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     74634500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     74634500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     74634500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     74634500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11685022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11685022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11685022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11685022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11685022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11685022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64899.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64899.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64899.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64899.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64899.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64899.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          378                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          378                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52385000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52385000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52385000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52385000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52385000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52385000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67856.217617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67856.217617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67856.217617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67856.217617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67856.217617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67856.217617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             66620                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.536087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            59819721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             67132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            891.076104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         124361750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.420720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.115367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.998869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     38806475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        38806475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     21012453                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       21012453                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     59818928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         59818928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     59818928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        59818928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       105558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        105558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       157308                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       157308                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       262866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         262866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       262866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        262866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5820716250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5820716250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9787382861                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9787382861                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       378500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       378500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15608099111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15608099111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15608099111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15608099111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     38912033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38912033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21169761                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21169761                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     60081794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     60081794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     60081794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     60081794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007431                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007431                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55142.350651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55142.350651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62217.960059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62217.960059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54071.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54071.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59376.637188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59376.637188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59376.637188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59376.637188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       564698                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5453                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   103.557308                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        33796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             33796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        70881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        70881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       124934                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       124934                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       195815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       195815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       195815                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       195815                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        34677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        32374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        67051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        67051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        67051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1951465000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1951465000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2121548498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2121548498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       188500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       188500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4073013498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4073013498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4073013498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4073013498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001529                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001529                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56275.485192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56275.485192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65532.479706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65532.479706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62833.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62833.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60745.007502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60745.007502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60745.007502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60745.007502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
