
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.017793                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17792858000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                17794569000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  19492                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    19492                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                7566102                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750288                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2351.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    45838228                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      45838228                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       714368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               763904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       189248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            189248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 11936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2957                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2957                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      2784038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     40149143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                42933181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2784038                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            2784038                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          10636178                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               10636178                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          10636178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      2784038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     40149143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               53569359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         11936                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         2957                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          14893                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       763904                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    189248                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 763904                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 189248                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        7                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   648                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   567                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   822                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   655                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   672                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   470                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   744                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1046                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   880                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   831                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  982                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 1009                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  715                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  571                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  597                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  720                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   209                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                   131                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                   219                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                   189                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    86                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    52                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   188                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   339                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   206                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   187                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                  327                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                  276                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                  127                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   49                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   96                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  276                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     17792633500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   11936                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   2957                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         1983                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      479.177005                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     175.180952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1216.070886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            831     41.91%     41.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129          334     16.84%     58.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          159      8.02%     66.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          102      5.14%     71.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           72      3.63%     75.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           53      2.67%     78.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           49      2.47%     80.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           32      1.61%     82.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           26      1.31%     83.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           37      1.87%     85.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           23      1.16%     86.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           18      0.91%     87.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           15      0.76%     88.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           17      0.86%     89.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           10      0.50%     89.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           16      0.81%     90.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           10      0.50%     90.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            9      0.45%     91.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           17      0.86%     92.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           10      0.50%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           11      0.55%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           12      0.61%     93.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            8      0.40%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            9      0.45%     94.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            7      0.35%     95.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            4      0.20%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            1      0.05%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            3      0.15%     95.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            5      0.25%     95.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            3      0.15%     95.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.05%     96.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            2      0.10%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            1      0.05%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.05%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            1      0.05%     96.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.05%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            6      0.30%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            4      0.20%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            2      0.10%     96.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            3      0.15%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            1      0.05%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.05%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.15%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            3      0.15%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.05%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.05%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            2      0.10%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.05%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.05%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.05%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.05%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.05%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.05%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.05%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.05%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.10%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           36      1.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           1983                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       88650500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 281904250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     59645000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   133608750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        7431.51                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    11200.33                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  23631.84                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          42.93                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          10.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  42.93                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  10.64                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.02                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.07                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11081                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1809                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   92.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  61.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1194697.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     53569359                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4097                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4097                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              2957                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7839                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7839                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        26829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         26829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       953152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     953152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 953152                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            19274500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           56636250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         1202009                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      1139444                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        76414                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups       399198                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits          388166                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     97.236459                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           13954                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           85                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             20943851                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                405                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         20944256                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             6805988                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2217                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         6808205                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             27749839                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2622                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         27752461                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             3711239                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               128                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         3711367                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 35585716                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles      3818738                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               51556556                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             1202009                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches       402120                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles               6719086                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          735528                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       23850613                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3373                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3711239                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         12044                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     35022274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.472108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.073654                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         28303188     80.81%     80.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           129571      0.37%     81.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            99112      0.28%     81.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            32860      0.09%     81.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            36503      0.10%     81.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            24470      0.07%     81.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            13735      0.04%     81.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           283271      0.81%     82.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6099564     17.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     35022274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.033778                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.448799                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          6678546                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      21043803                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           3911829                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2758072                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         630023                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        46577                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           337                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       51177250                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1054                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         630023                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          7473756                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         6995118                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1359541                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5779199                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12784636                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       50679336                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         312965                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      12235807                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     42264139                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      73992983                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     72973781                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1019202                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      38170776                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          4093363                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        55468                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          146                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          21909116                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     21869124                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      7159192                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13854886                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3164284                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           50311896                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          251                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          47957924                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         5308                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      4446945                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3807199                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           63                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     35022274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.369355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.247776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      9601300     27.41%     27.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     12668562     36.17%     63.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6127661     17.50%     81.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4015694     11.47%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2130262      6.08%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       422806      1.21%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        40795      0.12%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14442      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          752      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     35022274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             622      0.21%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult            194      0.07%      0.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           39      0.01%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         282336     96.61%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          9056      3.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        22351      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      19255975     40.15%     40.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       410416      0.86%     41.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       276440      0.58%     41.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        25978      0.05%     41.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt        92348      0.19%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        20435      0.04%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        21354      0.04%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21014895     43.82%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6817732     14.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       47957924                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.347673                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              292247                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.006094                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    129959449                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     53978866                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47120996                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1276228                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       810504                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       627780                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       47589094                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          638726                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      8399230                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1897678                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4392                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        30515                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       504942                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2145                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         630023                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         1059752                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         94186                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     50356629                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2264                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      21869124                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7159192                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          159                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          19927                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         28788                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        30515                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        22242                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        54955                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        77197                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      47859724                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      20944260                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        98200                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 44482                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             27752465                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          1045177                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            6808205                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.344914                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               47806427                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              47748776                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          39512797                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          40194265                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.341796                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983046                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      4483668                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          188                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        76093                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     34392251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.333677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.908899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     12281966     35.71%     35.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13701826     39.84%     75.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4554961     13.24%     88.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       748811      2.18%     90.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       575797      1.67%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       367281      1.07%     93.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       216836      0.63%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       188816      0.55%     94.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1755957      5.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     34392251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     45868158                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       45868158                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               26625696                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              19971446                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches             996179                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             572415                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          45475923                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        13687                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1755957                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             82983024                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           101335064                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   41305                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  563442                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            45834837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              45834837                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total      45834837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.776390                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.776390                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.288012                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.288012                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         69159097                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        39441895                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            625465                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           496114                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           26738                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          11332                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4226                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7225.434208                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      152976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     12.522593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5998.141827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   332.456125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   776.831593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         86.538245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         31.466418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.732195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.040583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.094828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.010564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.003841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.882011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        91200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   91213                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            69588                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 69588                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21224                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 21224                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        112424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   112437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       112424                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  112437                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7839                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                7839                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  11937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11162                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 11937                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54551250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    224159250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       278710500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    498379750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     498379750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54551250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    722539000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        777090250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54551250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    722539000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       777090250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        94523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               95311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        69588                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             69588                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29063                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             29063                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       123586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               124374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       123586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              124374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.042996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.269724                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.269724                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.095977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.095977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70388.709677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67456.891363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68011.346999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63576.954969                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63576.954969                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70388.709677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64732.037269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65099.292117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70388.709677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64732.037269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65099.292117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2957                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2957                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7839                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           7839                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             11937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            11937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     45660750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    186003750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231664500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    408281250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    408281250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     45660750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    594285000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    639945750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     45660750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    594285000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    639945750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.042996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.269724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.095977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.095977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58917.096774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55974.646404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56531.112738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52083.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52083.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58917.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53241.802544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53610.266399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58917.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53241.802544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53610.266399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   697667795                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              95311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             95310                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            69588                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            29063                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           29063                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       316760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       318335                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        50368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     12363136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  12413504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              12413504                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          166569000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1368750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         188107500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           485.858136                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             3713284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               976                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           3804.594262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   403.060168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    82.797968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.787227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.161715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3710069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         3710069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3710069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          3710069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3710069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         3710069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     80429750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80429750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     80429750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80429750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     80429750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80429750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3711238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3711238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3711238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      3711238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3711238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      3711238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68802.181352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68802.181352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68802.181352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68802.181352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68802.181352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68802.181352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           79                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          381                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          381                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55471750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55471750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55471750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55471750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55471750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55471750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70395.621827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70395.621827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70395.621827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70395.621827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70395.621827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70395.621827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            123528                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           135.946880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            18930257                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            123664                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            153.078155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   135.880790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.066091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.265392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.265521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12372329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        12372329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6557136                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6557136                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     18929465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         18929465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     18929465                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        18929465                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       171544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        171544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        97035                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        97035                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       268579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         268579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       268579                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        268579                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2583514250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2583514250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2987425033                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2987425033                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       340750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       340750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5570939283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5570939283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5570939283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5570939283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12543873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12543873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6654171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6654171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19198044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19198044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19198044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19198044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014583                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014583                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101266                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.101266                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15060.359150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15060.359150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30787.087474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30787.087474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42593.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42593.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20742.274277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20742.274277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20742.274277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20742.274277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       119446                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1662                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    71.868833                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        69588                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             69588                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        76793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        76793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        68204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        68204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       144997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       144997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       144997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       144997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        94751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        94751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       123582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       123582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       123582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       123582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1234860000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1234860000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    738027750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    738027750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       121750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       121750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1972887750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1972887750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1972887750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1972887750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004333                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004333                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050633                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050633                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13032.685671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13032.685671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25598.409698                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25598.409698                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30437.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30437.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15964.199883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15964.199883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15964.199883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15964.199883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
