
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.726891                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                726890844500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               726892555500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  70700                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    70700                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               22467692                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750248                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 32352.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287331610                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287331610                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        36096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       731328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               767424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        36096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           36096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       112704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            112704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11427                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 11991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1761                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1761                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        49658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      1006104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1055762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49658                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              49658                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            155049                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 155049                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            155049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        49658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      1006104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1210812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         11991                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1761                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          13752                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       767424                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    112704                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 767424                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 112704                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        3                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   903                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   528                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   523                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   681                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   845                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   576                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   885                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1278                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1126                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   662                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  551                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  596                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  595                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  707                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  993                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   170                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    32                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    24                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    23                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   180                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   383                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   295                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   137                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    9                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   51                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   36                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   18                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  140                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  255                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    726890603500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   11991                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1761                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1563.542857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     341.767660                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2768.485510                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            208     37.14%     37.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           54      9.64%     46.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           27      4.82%     51.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           24      4.29%     55.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           10      1.79%     57.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           14      2.50%     60.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           12      2.14%     62.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            5      0.89%     63.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            8      1.43%     64.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            7      1.25%     65.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            5      0.89%     66.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            3      0.54%     67.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           10      1.79%     69.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            6      1.07%     70.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            6      1.07%     71.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           10      1.79%     73.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            7      1.25%     74.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            1      0.18%     74.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            6      1.07%     75.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            4      0.71%     76.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            4      0.71%     76.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            2      0.36%     77.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            6      1.07%     78.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            4      0.71%     79.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            2      0.36%     79.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            2      0.36%     79.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            2      0.36%     80.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            2      0.36%     80.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            1      0.18%     80.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.18%     80.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            1      0.18%     81.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            1      0.18%     81.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            1      0.18%     81.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            2      0.36%     81.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            1      0.18%     81.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            1      0.18%     82.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            4      0.71%     82.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            2      0.36%     83.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            1      0.18%     83.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.18%     83.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            1      0.18%     83.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.18%     83.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.18%     84.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.18%     84.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.18%     84.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.18%     84.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.18%     84.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            3      0.54%     85.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            2      0.36%     85.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.18%     85.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.18%     86.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.18%     86.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.18%     86.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.18%     86.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            1      0.18%     86.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.18%     86.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.18%     87.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.18%     87.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.18%     87.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.36%     87.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.18%     88.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.18%     88.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.18%     88.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.18%     88.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.54%     89.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           55      9.82%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8512-8513            1      0.18%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10497            1      0.18%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10624-10625            1      0.18%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11840-11841            1      0.18%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13441            1      0.18%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13569            1      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       36038500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 264814750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     59940000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   168836250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        3006.21                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14083.77                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  22089.99                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.06                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.06                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.16                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.64                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11647                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1529                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     52857082.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1210812                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1761                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        25743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         25743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       880128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     880128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 880128                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            13920000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           56901750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77540134                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72525268                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4200558                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77244930                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        76981423                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.658868                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          266500                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           80                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100890792                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15153                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1100905945                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441333805                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1540                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441335345                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1542224597                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16693                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1542241290                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217737299                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               129                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217737428                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1453781689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    218044986                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2569591971                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77540134                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77247923                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357141011                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33114982                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      849666483                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           87                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3383                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           52                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217737299                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         28246                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1453699807                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.767622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.163953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1096558796     75.43%     75.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4473696      0.31%     75.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4243095      0.29%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            35408      0.00%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8694125      0.60%     76.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           543563      0.04%     76.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63500167      4.37%     81.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67177112      4.62%     85.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208473845     14.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1453699807                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.053337                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.767523                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        340784089                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     730905627                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         134597616                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     218568967                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28843507                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4747966                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           312                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2537826281                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           969                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28843507                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        352396426                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       112070570                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15964057                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341813065                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     602612181                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2519892448                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            64                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          18178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     598383645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967475296                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3598963511                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3593869608                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5093903                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1785173910                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182301386                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1053903                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         995776973                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1149955251                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470377157                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641314337                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    315832041                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509502096                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          226                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2390624865                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9441                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    222165722                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    194334034                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1453699807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.644511                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    295835029     20.35%     20.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    405031002     27.86%     48.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    425070933     29.24%     77.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    184701791     12.71%     90.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    134565706      9.26%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8180975      0.56%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30235      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       275573      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8563      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1453699807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14701      0.37%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          200      0.01%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             4      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         282251      7.12%      7.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3666294     92.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       523937      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     718217197     30.04%     30.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118513257      4.96%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1335871      0.06%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2227      0.00%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       791643      0.03%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11615      0.00%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262714      0.01%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1109353483     46.40%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441612921     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2390624865                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.644418                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3963450                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6230926532                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2727737561                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2377247133                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7995896                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4003942                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3997720                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2390066328                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3998050                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439361599                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106598785                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3522                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        74277                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41171685                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          990                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28843507                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          565134                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         22229                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2509787345                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6937                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1149955251                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470377157                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          139                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           6125                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          9473                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        74277                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4198162                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2966                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4201128                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2381884124                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1100905957                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8740741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                285023                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1542241354                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         72986734                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441335397                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.638406                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2381295941                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2381244853                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1812327233                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1813319763                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.637966                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999453                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    222179478                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4200260                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1424856300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.605498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.318105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    588252592     41.29%     41.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    457080989     32.08%     73.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    132970898      9.33%     82.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9188001      0.64%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32419      0.00%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62659045      4.40%     87.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     59238978      4.16%     91.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     55308065      3.88%     95.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     60125313      4.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1424856300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287604516                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287604516                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472561938                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043356466                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72689947                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3993390                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2280994696                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      60125313                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3874511796                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5048414201                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    2345                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                   81882                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287328219                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287328219                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287328219                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.635581                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.635581                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.573364                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.573364                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3387030486                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1863767092                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2706698                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2675086                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          547049                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         262121                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4093                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8049.655704                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       37500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.086674                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5529.287013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    43.162607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2477.106838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.078862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.020384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.674962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.005269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.302381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.982624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   17574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            25736                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 25736                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6936                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  6936                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         24510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    24510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        24510                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   24510                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5856                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5856                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  11992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          565                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11427                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 11992                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40657500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    343639250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       384296750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    378043500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     378043500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40657500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    721682750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        762340250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40657500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    721682750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       762340250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               23710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        25736                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             25736                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        12792                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             12792                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        35937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                36502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        35937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               36502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.240700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.258794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.457786                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.457786                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.317973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.328530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.317973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.328530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71960.176991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61683.584635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62629.848435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64556.608607                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64556.608607                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71960.176991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63155.924565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63570.734656                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71960.176991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63155.924565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63570.734656                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1761                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1761                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5856                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5856                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             11992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            11992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34179500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    279624750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    313804250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    310750500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    310750500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34179500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    590375250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    624554750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34179500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    590375250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    624554750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.240700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.258794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.457786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.317973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.328530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.317973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.328530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60494.690265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50192.918686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51141.500978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53065.317623                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53065.317623                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60494.690265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51664.938304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52080.949800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60494.690265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51664.938304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52080.949800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                     5479733                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              23710                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             23709                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            25736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            12792                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           12792                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side        97610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                        98739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        36096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      3947072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   3983168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               3983168                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           56855000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            983000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          56708500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               252                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           460.883157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217739670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          289162.908367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   337.818891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   123.064266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.659803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.240360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217736455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217736455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217736455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217736455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217736455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217736455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63340750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63340750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63340750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63340750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63340750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63340750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217737299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217737299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217737299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217737299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217737299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217737299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75048.281991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75048.281991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75048.281991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75048.281991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75048.281991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75048.281991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          599                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          599                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          279                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          279                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41223500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41223500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41223500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41223500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41223500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41223500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72961.946903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72961.946903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72961.946903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72961.946903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72961.946903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72961.946903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             35514                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           500.943046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1090647390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             36015                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          30283.142857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   500.941350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.978401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    661474106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       661474106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    429172494                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      429172494                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090646600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1090646600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090646600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1090646600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         54139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        32901                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        32901                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        87040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          87040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        87040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         87040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2387719000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2387719000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1765050629                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1765050629                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4152769629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4152769629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4152769629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4152769629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661528245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661528245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429205395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429205395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090733640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090733640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090733640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090733640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44103.492861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44103.492861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53647.324671                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53647.324671                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47711.048127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47711.048127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47711.048127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47711.048127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         8385                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               214                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    39.182243                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        25736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             25736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        30992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        30992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        20114                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        20114                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        51106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        51106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        51106                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        51106                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        23147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12787                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12787                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        35934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        35934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    543203750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    543203750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    460482999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    460482999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1003686749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1003686749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1003686749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1003686749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23467.565991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23467.565991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36011.808790                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36011.808790                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27931.395030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27931.395030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27931.395030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27931.395030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
