
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.185914                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                185913690000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               185915400500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  59521                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    59521                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               13037657                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750384                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14259.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   848760841                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     848760841                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     31489600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             31552256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     15738176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          15738176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       492025                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                493004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          245909                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               245909                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       337017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    169377521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               169714538                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       337017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             337017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          84653131                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               84653131                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          84653131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       337017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    169377521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              254367669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        493005                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       245909                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         738914                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     31552256                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  15738176                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               31552256                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               15738176                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       16                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 30890                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 30792                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 30865                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 30735                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 30763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 30769                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 30767                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 30810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 30747                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 30760                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                30766                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                30887                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                30910                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                30851                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                30773                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                30904                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 15368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 15406                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                15411                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                15395                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                15366                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    185913660000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  493005                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 245909                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    492423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     10684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     10690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        36212                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1304.462167                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     622.838237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1936.649205                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4225     11.67%     11.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3643     10.06%     21.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          487      1.34%     23.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          554      1.53%     24.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          551      1.52%     26.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          708      1.96%     28.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1619      4.47%     32.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513         2832      7.82%     40.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          666      1.84%     42.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          497      1.37%     43.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          396      1.09%     44.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          436      1.20%     45.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          423      1.17%     47.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          747      2.06%     49.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961         3825     10.56%     59.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         2242      6.19%     65.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          564      1.56%     67.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          549      1.52%     68.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          456      1.26%     70.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          469      1.30%     71.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          533      1.47%     72.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          776      2.14%     75.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         5084     14.04%     89.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          179      0.49%     89.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          134      0.37%     90.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           90      0.25%     90.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           77      0.21%     90.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           60      0.17%     90.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           41      0.11%     90.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           52      0.14%     90.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           67      0.19%     91.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           53      0.15%     91.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           51      0.14%     91.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           23      0.06%     91.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           20      0.06%     91.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           16      0.04%     91.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           24      0.07%     91.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           17      0.05%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           19      0.05%     91.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           14      0.04%     91.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           16      0.04%     91.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           51      0.14%     91.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           13      0.04%     91.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           21      0.06%     92.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           11      0.03%     92.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           25      0.07%     92.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            9      0.02%     92.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            6      0.02%     92.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            6      0.02%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            8      0.02%     92.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            4      0.01%     92.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            6      0.02%     92.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            3      0.01%     92.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            8      0.02%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            3      0.01%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           12      0.03%     92.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            5      0.01%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           14      0.04%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            5      0.01%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            4      0.01%     92.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            8      0.02%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            9      0.02%     92.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           27      0.07%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           13      0.04%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           37      0.10%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           14      0.04%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            5      0.01%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           16      0.04%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           13      0.04%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            7      0.02%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            6      0.02%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            5      0.01%     92.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            2      0.01%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            6      0.02%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            5      0.01%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865           10      0.03%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            3      0.01%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993           12      0.03%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            8      0.02%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121           11      0.03%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            7      0.02%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            7      0.02%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            4      0.01%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            8      0.02%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            7      0.02%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            8      0.02%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            5      0.01%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            8      0.02%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            5      0.01%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            6      0.02%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            7      0.02%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           13      0.04%     93.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953           11      0.03%     93.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           10      0.03%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           16      0.04%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            4      0.01%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           28      0.08%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            9      0.02%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            3      0.01%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401           10      0.03%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            6      0.02%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            5      0.01%     93.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            7      0.02%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            9      0.02%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.00%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785           10      0.03%     93.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            7      0.02%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            5      0.01%     93.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            9      0.02%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041           16      0.04%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            6      0.02%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            6      0.02%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            6      0.02%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            7      0.02%     93.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            6      0.02%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           13      0.04%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            4      0.01%     93.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            9      0.02%     93.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            8      0.02%     93.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            8      0.02%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            2      0.01%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            5      0.01%     93.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            4      0.01%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            6      0.02%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            8      0.02%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           33      0.09%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           31      0.09%     94.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         2133      5.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          36212                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      335484250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10006763000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2464945000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  7206333750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         680.51                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14617.64                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20298.15                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         169.71                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          84.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 169.71                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  84.65                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.54                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     471175                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    231495                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       251603.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    254367325                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              247016                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             247014                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            245909                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            245989                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           245989                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side      1231917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                       1231917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     47290368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   47290368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               47290368                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1353093000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2338597000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        28916845                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     10001114                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        13887                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     18371780                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        18367476                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.976573                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         9450001                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          105                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            242279344                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               4544                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        242283888                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            81090547                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2255                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        81092802                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            323369891                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               6799                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        323376690                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            77409985                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               104                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        77410089                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  503                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                371827380                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     77451500                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              878443959                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            28916845                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     27817477                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             128294248                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          160820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      133959036                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1557                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           49                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          77409985                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          7853                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    339836445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.584902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.572985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        211542197     62.25%     62.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4471995      1.32%     63.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          8510626      2.50%     66.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4218797      1.24%     67.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5091132      1.50%     68.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          2643369      0.78%     69.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6232105      1.83%     71.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3689474      1.09%     72.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         93436750     27.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    339836445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.077770                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.362505                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        105406522                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     106019425                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         105341967                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      22939007                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         129523                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      9461873                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           481                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      878349137                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1542                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         129523                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        112614141                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        46854190                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       367801                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         121078665                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      58792124                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      878209882                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          57971                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      54067431                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    749248578                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1228565679                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    855125720                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    373439959                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     748287888                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           960690                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         5819                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         3734                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         175656634                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    242359515                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     81141954                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     31832968                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3033482                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          849719759                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         6891                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         849311662                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        12087                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       959378                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       776296                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          129                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    339836445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.499178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.592519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     36496061     10.74%     10.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     64030065     18.84%     29.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     77912968     22.93%     52.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     70344690     20.70%     73.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     49953249     14.70%     87.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     30015212      8.83%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      9377957      2.76%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1385151      0.41%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       321092      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    339836445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           48124      0.45%      0.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          3200      0.03%      0.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt       1411495     13.28%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       730542      6.87%     20.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv           129      0.00%     20.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4008259     37.72%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       4424610     41.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          393      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     299337921     35.24%     35.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     18887774      2.22%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    127957180     15.07%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     48252113      5.68%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     28320064      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      3147057      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    242312156     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     81097001      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      849311662                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.284156                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            10626359                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012512                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1522486768                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    588365393                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    586994731                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    526611447                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    262332912                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    262222805                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      595558093                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       264379535                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     32683694                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       308983                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          747                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12394                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95039                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1065                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         129523                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        13848435                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1089512                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    878064523                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6275                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     242359515                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     81141954                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         3730                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          93738                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         85104                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        12394                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10140                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4275                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        14415                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     849267585                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     242283895                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        44077                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              28337873                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            323376698                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         28892545                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           81092803                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.284037                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              849240227                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             849217536                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         723196811                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         815945406                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.283903                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.886330                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       886591                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         6762                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        13418                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    339706922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.581904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.280225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    134789378     39.68%     39.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     87390539     25.73%     65.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11590647      3.41%     68.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5938652      1.75%     70.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5644899      1.66%     72.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3755841      1.11%     73.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5810455      1.71%     75.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      5810726      1.71%     76.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     78975785     23.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    339706922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    877090682                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      877090682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              323097447                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             242050532                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                3127                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           28869599                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          262150420                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         689356808                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      9447851                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      78975785                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1138654330                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1756084387                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  502360                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                31990935                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           848757450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             848757450                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     848757450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.438084                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.438084                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.282665                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.282665                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        949660241                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       502212090                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         277934466                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        246488442                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         8396474                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           6255                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    485100                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8068.633229                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      472204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    493267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.957299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5574.374294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     7.687535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2485.583755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.784188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.203456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.680466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.303416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.984941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       266390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  266463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           451741                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                451741                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       131744                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                131744                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        398134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   398207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       398134                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  398207                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                247016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       245989                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              245989                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       492026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 493005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       492026                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                493005                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67762250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15049062000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15116824250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15343048750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   15343048750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67762250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30392110750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      30459873000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67762250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30392110750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     30459873000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       512427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              513479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       451741                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            451741                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       377733                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            377733                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       890160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               891212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       890160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              891212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.480141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.481063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.651225                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.651225                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.552739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.553185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.552739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.553185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69215.781410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61165.849039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61197.753384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62372.905902                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62372.905902                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69215.781410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61769.318593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61784.105638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69215.781410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61769.318593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61784.105638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               245909                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    245909                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           247016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       245989                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         245989                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            493005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           493005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56512750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12222079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12278591750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12518081250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12518081250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56512750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24740160250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24796673000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56512750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24740160250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24796673000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.480141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.481063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.651225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.552739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.553185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.552739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.553185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57724.974464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49675.776408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49707.677843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50888.784661                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50888.784661                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57724.974464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50282.221366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50297.001045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57724.974464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50282.221366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50297.001045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   462305191                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             513479                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            513477                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           451741                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           377733                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          377733                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      2232059                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      2234163                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        67328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     85881536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  85948864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              85948864                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1123217500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1818250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1455080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               725                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.824024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            77411729                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          62681.561943                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   500.517973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     9.306051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.977574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.018176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77408528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        77408528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77408528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         77408528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77408528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        77408528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     96147999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96147999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     96147999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96147999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     96147999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96147999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77409985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77409985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77409985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     77409985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77409985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     77409985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65990.390528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65990.390528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65990.390528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65990.390528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65990.390528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65990.390528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          530                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           53                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          405                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69554250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69554250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69554250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69554250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69554250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69554250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66116.207224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66116.207224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66116.207224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66116.207224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66116.207224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66116.207224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            889909                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           328.929179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           287376750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            890238                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            322.808901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   328.913897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.015282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.642410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.642440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    207637896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       207637896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     79733640                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       79733640                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1586                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1586                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    287371536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        287371536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    287371536                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       287371536                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1953563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1953563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1310148                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1310148                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1543                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1543                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3263711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3263711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3263711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3263711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  63289040250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  63289040250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  49891370482                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  49891370482                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21161000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     21161000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 113180410732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 113180410732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 113180410732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 113180410732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209591459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209591459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     81043788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     81043788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290635247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    290635247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290635247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    290635247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.493129                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.493129                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32396.723448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32396.723448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38080.713387                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38080.713387                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13714.193130                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13714.193130                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34678.441422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34678.441422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34678.441422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34678.441422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7542                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               337                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.379822                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       451741                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            451741                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1440174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1440174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       933379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       933379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2373553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2373553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2373553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2373553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       513389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       513389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       376769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       376769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       890158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       890158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       890158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       890158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18260178500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18260178500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17035751500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17035751500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       122500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       122500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35295930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35295930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35295930000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35295930000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004649                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004649                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35567.919258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35567.919258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45215.374673                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45215.374673                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39651.309093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39651.309093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39651.309093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39651.309093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
