
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.044859                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 44859060000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                44860771000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26847                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    26847                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               10147284                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750440                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4420.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   118684657                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     118684657                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2931520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              2981056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1297664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1297664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        45805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 46579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           20276                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                20276                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1104259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     65349564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                66453822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1104259                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1104259                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          28927579                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               28927579                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          28927579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1104259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     65349564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               95381401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         46579                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        20276                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          66855                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      2981056                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1297664                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                2981056                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1297664                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       18                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  2942                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  3005                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3174                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  2918                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  3007                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  2786                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  3041                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  2825                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  2852                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  2792                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 2994                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 2860                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 2836                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 2831                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 2794                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 2904                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1244                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1312                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1340                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1239                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1214                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1258                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1412                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1253                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1246                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1258                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1260                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1263                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1244                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1238                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1235                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1260                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     44858781500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   46579                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  20276                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     30292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      7023                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4076                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        10604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      402.679743                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     159.388889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     940.980117                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           5051     47.63%     47.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1584     14.94%     62.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          733      6.91%     69.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          566      5.34%     74.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          375      3.54%     78.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          291      2.74%     81.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          164      1.55%     82.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          148      1.40%     84.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           90      0.85%     84.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           81      0.76%     85.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           68      0.64%     86.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           76      0.72%     87.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           55      0.52%     87.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           48      0.45%     87.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           35      0.33%     88.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           46      0.43%     88.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           37      0.35%     89.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           30      0.28%     89.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           24      0.23%     89.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          131      1.24%     90.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           42      0.40%     91.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           96      0.91%     92.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          242      2.28%     94.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          244      2.30%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           17      0.16%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           22      0.21%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           16      0.15%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           20      0.19%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            7      0.07%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            7      0.07%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            9      0.08%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           10      0.09%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            6      0.06%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            5      0.05%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            5      0.05%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            6      0.06%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            5      0.05%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            2      0.02%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            5      0.05%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            4      0.04%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            6      0.06%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            6      0.06%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            4      0.04%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.01%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            1      0.01%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            3      0.03%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            2      0.02%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            5      0.05%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            2      0.02%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            3      0.03%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            1      0.01%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.01%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.02%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.01%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            6      0.06%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            2      0.02%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            2      0.02%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            2      0.02%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.01%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            2      0.02%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.02%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            2      0.02%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.01%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.01%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.01%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            3      0.03%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            2      0.02%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.01%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            2      0.02%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            1      0.01%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.01%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            2      0.02%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            2      0.02%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.01%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.01%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.02%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            2      0.02%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.02%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.01%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            3      0.03%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.01%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.01%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.02%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.01%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            2      0.02%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.02%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            2      0.02%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            2      0.02%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.02%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.02%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            5      0.05%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            3      0.03%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.01%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            3      0.03%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            2      0.02%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            6      0.06%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            3      0.03%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            3      0.03%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            3      0.03%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            1      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            1      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.03%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           59      0.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          10604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      653604750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1464569750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    232805000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   578160000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14037.60                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12417.26                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  31454.86                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          66.45                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          28.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  66.45                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  28.93                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.03                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.88                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      41759                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     14461                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  71.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       670986.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     95381401                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               24291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              24291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             20276                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             22288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            22288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       113434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        113434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      4278720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    4278720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                4278720                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           114531500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          220907250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         2783945                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      2695686                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       197984                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1225109                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1219262                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.522736                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           16870                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           77                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             54650506                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1123                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         54651629                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            17317054                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4309                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        17321363                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             71967560                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5432                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         71972992                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             9844175                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               131                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         9844306                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 89718120                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     10092243                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              133837999                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             2783945                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1236132                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              17547677                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1949734                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       57730922                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3412                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9844175                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         27504                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     87058887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.537327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.121546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         69511210     79.84%     79.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           411856      0.47%     80.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           295919      0.34%     80.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            86554      0.10%     80.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            76660      0.09%     80.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            47595      0.05%     80.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            23420      0.03%     80.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           955876      1.10%     82.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         15649797     17.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     87058887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.031030                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.491761                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         17480105                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      50475116                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           9969184                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       7450257                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1684224                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        68802                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           331                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      132842790                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1041                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1684224                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         19358934                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        16391027                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1936958                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          15242171                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      32445572                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      131691825                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           712                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         588980                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      31227796                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    110513426                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     192245008                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    190838408                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1406600                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      99479981                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11033445                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        73723                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          151                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          56476913                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     57167377                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     18260470                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     36420767                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      8264673                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          130788240                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          280                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         124550887                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14714                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12034638                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10058017                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           90                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     87058887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.430651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.252780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22009921     25.28%     25.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31464245     36.14%     61.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15782827     18.13%     79.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     11110112     12.76%     92.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5426761      6.23%     98.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1126121      1.29%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       119796      0.14%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        18605      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          499      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     87058887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             428      0.06%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult            499      0.07%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           39      0.01%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         664527     97.28%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         17630      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        28115      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      50552213     40.59%     40.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1174990      0.94%     41.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       374207      0.30%     41.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        35066      0.03%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       126637      0.10%     41.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        26859      0.02%     42.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        28452      0.02%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     54858191     44.04%     86.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17346157     13.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      124550887                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.388247                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              683123                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005485                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    335139777                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141743594                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123179302                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1718721                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1147868                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       842713                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      124345915                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          859980                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     21960914                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5128045                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11811                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        68834                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1381505                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        10159                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1684224                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         1987651                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        163305                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130877994                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6398                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      57167377                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18260470                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          189                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          26806                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         47782                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        68834                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        69841                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       129766                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       199607                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     124285697                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      54651631                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       265190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 89474                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             71972994                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2424265                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           17321363                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.385291                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              124158765                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             124022015                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         103458162                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         104579700                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.382352                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.989276                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12110746                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       197666                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     85374663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.390949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.969534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29403976     34.44%     34.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     34087960     39.93%     74.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11863311     13.90%     88.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1971421      2.31%     90.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1343918      1.57%     92.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       913932      1.07%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       400133      0.47%     93.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       443264      0.52%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4946748      5.79%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     85374663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    118751807                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      118751807                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               68918297                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              52039332                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2294368                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             752587                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         118204603                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        16576                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       4946748                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            211276337                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           263412613                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   87260                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2659233                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           118681266                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             118681266                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     118681266                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.755959                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.755959                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.322824                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.322824                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        180356753                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       103717198                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            839971                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           669354                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           32483                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          14214                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     38704                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8158.628556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      191375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     46811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      4.088248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                6857508500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5667.009935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   113.851148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2376.795531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.774470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.197473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.691774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.013898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.290136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       153674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  153674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            59906                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 59906                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17599                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 17599                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        171273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   171273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       171273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  171273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        23517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 24292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        22288                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               22288                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        45805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  46580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        45805                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 46580                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52354000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1647717250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1700071250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1696738500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1696738500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52354000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3344455750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3396809750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52354000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3344455750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3396809750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       177191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              177966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        59906                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             59906                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        39887                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             39887                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       217078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               217853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       217078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              217853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.132721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.136498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.558779                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.558779                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.211007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.213814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.211007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.213814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67553.548387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70064.942382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69984.820105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76127.893934                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76127.893934                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67553.548387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73015.080231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72924.211035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67553.548387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73015.080231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72924.211035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                20276                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     20276                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        23517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            24292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22288                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          22288                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        45805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             46580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        45805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            46580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43462000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1377708750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1421170750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1440666500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1440666500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43462000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2818375250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2861837250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43462000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2818375250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2861837250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.132721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.136498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.558779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.558779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.211007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.213814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.211007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.213814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        56080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58583.524684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58503.653466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64638.662060                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64638.662060                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        56080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61529.860277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61439.185273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        56080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61529.860277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61439.185273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   396274732                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             177966                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            177965                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            59906                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            39887                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           39887                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1549                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       494062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       495611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     17726976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  17776512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              17776512                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          198785500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1350000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         336718500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               452                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.371802                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             9846224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          10224.531672                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   395.028608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.343194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.771540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.174498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9843009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         9843009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9843009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          9843009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9843009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         9843009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76092500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76092500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76092500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76092500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76092500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76092500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9844175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9844175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9844175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      9844175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9844175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      9844175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65259.433962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65259.433962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65259.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65259.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65259.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65259.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          391                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          391                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68554.838710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68554.838710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68554.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68554.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68554.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68554.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            216955                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           200.933155                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            49025816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            217156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            225.763120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   200.905686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.027468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.392394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.392448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     32337741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        32337741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16687282                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16687282                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     49025023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         49025023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     49025023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        49025023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       346354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        346354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       191604                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       191604                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       537958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         537958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       537958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        537958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8185645250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8185645250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9894614624                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9894614624                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       391500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       391500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18080259874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18080259874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18080259874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18080259874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     32684095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32684095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16878886                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16878886                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     49562981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49562981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     49562981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49562981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011352                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011352                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.100000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.100000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23633.754049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23633.754049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51640.960648                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51640.960648                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48937.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48937.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33609.054748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33609.054748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33609.054748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33609.054748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       563514                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5362                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   105.093995                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        59906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             59906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       168926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       168926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       151958                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       151958                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       320884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       320884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       320884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       320884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       177428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       177428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        39646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        39646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       217074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       217074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       217074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       217074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3366256250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3366256250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1910306247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1910306247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       199500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       199500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5276562497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5276562497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5276562497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5276562497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002349                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002349                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18972.519839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18972.519839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48184.085330                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48184.085330                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        49875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        49875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24307.666957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24307.666957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24307.666957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24307.666957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
