
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.126557                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                126557173500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               126558884500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  25503                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    25503                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8344223                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750452                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15167.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   386799984                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     386799984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        58496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       526208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               584704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        58496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           58496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        41664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total             41664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         8222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  9136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks             651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                  651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       462210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      4157868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 4620078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       462210                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             462210                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            329211                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 329211                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            329211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       462210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      4157868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4949289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          9136                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                          651                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           9787                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       584704                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                     41664                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 584704                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                  41664                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       23                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   406                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   527                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   396                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   464                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   724                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   592                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   809                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   859                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   583                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   542                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  577                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  547                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  506                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  563                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  602                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  416                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    56                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   201                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   118                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                    13                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                    18                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   17                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   40                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   79                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                   82                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    126556931000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    9136                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                    651                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      4015                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          494                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1259.789474                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     257.240502                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2535.730373                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            204     41.30%     41.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           61     12.35%     53.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           25      5.06%     58.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           26      5.26%     63.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           15      3.04%     67.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           11      2.23%     69.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            8      1.62%     70.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           13      2.63%     73.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            6      1.21%     74.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            8      1.62%     76.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            6      1.21%     77.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            6      1.21%     78.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            3      0.61%     79.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            5      1.01%     80.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            2      0.40%     80.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            4      0.81%     81.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            3      0.61%     82.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            1      0.20%     82.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            2      0.40%     82.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            2      0.40%     83.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            2      0.40%     83.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            2      0.40%     84.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.20%     84.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.40%     84.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            2      0.40%     85.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            1      0.20%     85.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            2      0.40%     85.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.20%     85.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.20%     86.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            1      0.20%     86.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.20%     86.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.40%     86.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.20%     87.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.20%     87.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.20%     87.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.20%     87.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            2      0.40%     88.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.20%     88.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.20%     88.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.20%     88.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.20%     88.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.20%     89.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.20%     89.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.20%     89.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.40%     89.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           50     10.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            494                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       82387500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 196688750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     45565000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    68736250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9040.66                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     7542.66                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21583.32                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.62                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.33                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   4.62                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.33                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.23                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       8796                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                       467                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   96.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  71.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     12931126.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      4949289                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2390                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2390                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6746                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6746                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        18923                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         18923                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       626368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     626368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 626368                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             7497500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43365250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        50424193                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     40129778                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       642922                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     40150083                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        30983683                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     77.169661                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2823083                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         8854                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            112766962                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                345                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        112767307                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            53419769                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2277                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        53422046                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            166186731                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2622                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        166189353                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            49728017                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               738                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        49728755                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                97676                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                253115182                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     50219942                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              430346258                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            50424193                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     33806766                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              75925979                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         5182422                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      121650787                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           91                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        15843                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          49728017                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        230534                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    252190444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.706434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.930652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        176264465     69.89%     69.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5405115      2.14%     72.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6135712      2.43%     74.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          7866351      3.12%     77.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          6044241      2.40%     79.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          7503200      2.98%     82.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          5524320      2.19%     85.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5344538      2.12%     87.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         32102502     12.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    252190444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.199214                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.700199                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         61511212                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     110864271                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          66605651                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8838883                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4370426                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      5870275                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          7380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      427394404                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1207                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4370426                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         68027491                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        25322886                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     44048616                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          68603178                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      41817846                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      424355639                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       11296010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      25539400                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    317478173                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     597722298                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    593640135                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      4082163                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     291387212                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         26090961                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1258570                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       293319                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          87177475                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    115305505                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     55210621                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     36444664                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13774553                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          416775817                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       488900                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         405044080                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       369759                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     29480377                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     20975970                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          443                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252190444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.606104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.716216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     85266992     33.81%     33.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     61515904     24.39%     58.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     41655032     16.52%     74.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     27810014     11.03%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     17196951      6.82%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     10170940      4.03%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4244096      1.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2963130      1.17%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1367385      0.54%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252190444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          779536     25.93%     25.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           3161      0.11%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             6      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           39      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     26.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1710639     56.89%     82.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        513425     17.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        97658      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     232777523     57.47%     57.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      4012695      0.99%     58.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       638954      0.16%     58.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       180198      0.04%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       149566      0.04%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        35687      0.01%     58.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        37364      0.01%     58.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        31745      0.01%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    113495916     28.02%     86.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     53586774     13.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      405044080                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.600236                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3006806                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007423                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1060848421                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    444123614                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    400529854                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      4806748                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2741711                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2332183                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      405492501                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         2460727                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     28746546                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8994299                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        76269                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       124153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3742870                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       259871                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        65118                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4370426                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7677229                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1881865                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    421487884                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        51269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     115305505                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     55210621                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       293307                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1418219                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         12868                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       124153                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       435258                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       216035                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       651293                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     404203839                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     112767311                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       840241                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4223167                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            166189357                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         47837201                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           53422046                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.596917                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              403206488                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             402862037                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         271620524                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         323581100                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.591615                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.839420                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     31170171                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       488457                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       635560                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    247820018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.576249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.628266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    127922699     51.62%     51.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     61579758     24.85%     76.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14700269      5.93%     82.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4702329      1.90%     84.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3809500      1.54%     85.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2041039      0.82%     86.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1552019      0.63%     87.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1315726      0.53%     87.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     30196679     12.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    247820018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    390626106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      390626106                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              157778957                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             106311206                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              195389                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           46345120                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2134048                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         380754467                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2604999                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      30196679                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            639417276                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           847970689                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  105344                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  924738                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           386796593                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             386796593                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     386796593                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.654388                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.654388                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.528145                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.528145                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        570679061                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       303473422                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2447106                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1166402                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1176230                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         390779                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      1412                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7847.968758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    10448875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      9404                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                   1111.109634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6246.693457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   414.874345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1117.487679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         65.033051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          3.880225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.762536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.050644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.136412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.958004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5254592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5254650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5200953                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5200953                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1337382                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1337382                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            58                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       6591974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6592032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           58                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6591974                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6592032                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1476                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  2391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6746                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6746                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   9137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          915                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8222                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  9137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63819500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     91933250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       155752750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    419795500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     419795500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63819500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    511728750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        575548250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63819500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    511728750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       575548250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5256068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5257041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5200953                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5200953                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1344128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1344128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6600196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              6601169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6600196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             6601169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.940391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.000455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005019                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.005019                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.940391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.001384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.940391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.001384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69748.087432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62285.399729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65141.258887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62228.802253                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62228.802253                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69748.087432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62238.962540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62990.943417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69748.087432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62238.962540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62990.943417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  651                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       651                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             2391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6746                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6746                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              9137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             9137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53320500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74993750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128314250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    342231500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    342231500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53320500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    417225250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    470545750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53320500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    417225250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    470545750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.940391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.940391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.001384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.940391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.001384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58273.770492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50808.773713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53665.516520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50731.025793                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50731.025793                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58273.770492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50744.982973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51498.932910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58273.770492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50744.982973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51498.932910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  5968336074                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5257041                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5257040                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5200953                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1344128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1344128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     18401345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     18403290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        62208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    755273536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 755335744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             755335744                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        11102014000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              8.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1680749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        9902322500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               649                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.489215                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            49729742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          42833.541774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      126554826750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   466.745066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    40.744149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.911611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.079578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49726527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        49726527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49726527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         49726527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49726527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        49726527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     96009499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96009499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     96009499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96009499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     96009499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96009499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49728017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     49728017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49728017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     49728017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49728017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     49728017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64435.905369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64435.905369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64435.905369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64435.905369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64435.905369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64435.905369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    38.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          517                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          517                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65379251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65379251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65379251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65379251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65379251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65379251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67193.474820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67193.474820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67193.474820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67193.474820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67193.474820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67193.474820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6600114                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           159.974252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           118841095                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6600274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             18.005479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   159.964961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.009290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.312432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.312450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     71721661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        71721661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     46730826                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       46730826                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       192577                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       192577                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       195389                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       195389                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    118452487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        118452487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    118452487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       118452487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11785809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      11785809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4541536                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4541536                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2813                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2813                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     16327345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16327345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     16327345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16327345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 128254286250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 128254286250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  62695913781                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  62695913781                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38472000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     38472000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 190950200031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 190950200031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 190950200031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 190950200031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     83507470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     83507470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51272362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     51272362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       195390                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       195390                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       195389                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       195389                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    134779832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    134779832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    134779832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    134779832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.141135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.141135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.088577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014397                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014397                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.121141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.121141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.121141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.121141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10882.094411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10882.094411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13805.002048                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13805.002048                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13676.501955                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13676.501955                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11695.116385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11695.116385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11695.116385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11695.116385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       358587                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             57883                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     6.195031                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5200953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5200953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6529449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6529449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3197703                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3197703                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2810                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         2810                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9727152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      9727152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9727152                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      9727152                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5256360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5256360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1343833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1343833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6600193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6600193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6600193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6600193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  59552194250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  59552194250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15766209248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15766209248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75318403498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  75318403498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75318403498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  75318403498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026210                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026210                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11329.550154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11329.550154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11732.268257                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11732.268257                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11411.545617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11411.545617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11411.545617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11411.545617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
