
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.123562                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                123562405500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               123564116500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26137                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    26137                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8414703                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750496                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14684.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   383800144                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     383800144                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        58688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       525952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               584640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        58688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           58688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        36992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total             36992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         8218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  9135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks             578                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                  578                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       474966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      4256570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 4731536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       474966                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             474966                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            299379                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 299379                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            299379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       474966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      4256570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                5030915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          9135                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                          578                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           9713                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       584640                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                     36992                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 584640                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                  36992                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       17                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   406                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   527                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   396                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   464                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   724                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   598                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   804                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   857                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   583                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   546                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  578                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  547                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  506                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  564                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  602                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  416                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    55                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   186                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                    87                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                    13                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                    16                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   12                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   38                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   77                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                   68                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    123562086500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    9135                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                    578                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      4161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1312.747346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     267.923945                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2567.552580                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            195     41.40%     41.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           53     11.25%     52.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           28      5.94%     58.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           21      4.46%     63.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           15      3.18%     66.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385            9      1.91%     68.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            4      0.85%     69.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            7      1.49%     70.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            8      1.70%     72.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           11      2.34%     74.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            8      1.70%     76.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            4      0.85%     77.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            4      0.85%     77.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            6      1.27%     79.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            1      0.21%     79.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            1      0.21%     79.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            1      0.21%     79.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            1      0.21%     80.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            1      0.21%     80.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            3      0.64%     80.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            1      0.21%     81.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            1      0.21%     81.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            2      0.42%     81.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            2      0.42%     82.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            1      0.21%     82.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            3      0.64%     83.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            2      0.42%     83.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.42%     83.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.21%     84.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            1      0.21%     84.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.21%     84.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            2      0.42%     84.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            2      0.42%     85.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.21%     85.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            1      0.21%     85.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.21%     85.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.42%     86.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.21%     86.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.21%     86.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            2      0.42%     87.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.42%     87.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.21%     87.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.21%     88.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.21%     88.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.21%     88.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.21%     88.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.21%     88.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.21%     89.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.42%     89.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           49     10.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       77217750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 193441500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     45590000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    70633750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8468.72                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     7746.63                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21215.34                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.73                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   4.73                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.30                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         8.76                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       8806                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                       416                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   96.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  71.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     12721310.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      5030915                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2396                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2396                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               578                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6739                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6739                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        18848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         18848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       621632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     621632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 621632                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             7168500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43363500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        49545464                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     39411446                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       608095                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     33927832                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        30454418                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.762346                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2757293                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         5914                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            111627746                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                311                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        111628057                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            52680353                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2288                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        52682641                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            164308099                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2599                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        164310698                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            48827888                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               293                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        48828181                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                96696                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                247125788                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     49246251                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              423938087                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            49545464                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     33211711                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              74763514                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         4757018                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      118707927                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           93                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         6886                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          48827888                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        228536                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    246743573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.718132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.938321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        171980059     69.70%     69.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5310972      2.15%     71.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6052048      2.45%     74.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          7764049      3.15%     77.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5977866      2.42%     79.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          7330577      2.97%     82.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          5382008      2.18%     85.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5193477      2.10%     87.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         31752517     12.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    246743573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.200487                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.715475                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         60338703                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     108063462                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          65421591                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8908202                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4011614                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      5770527                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          7297                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      421378201                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1214                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4011614                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         66752845                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        23192276                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     43929075                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          67584796                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      41272966                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      418509020                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents             2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       10726365                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      25529344                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    313369684                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     589620265                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    585561399                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      4058866                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     289196395                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         24173289                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1210640                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       290218                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          86281746                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    114060466                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     54343025                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     36257555                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13428016                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          411245984                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       483692                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         400375421                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       361309                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     27255219                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     19531983                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          135                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    246743573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.622638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.717448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     82135988     33.29%     33.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     60062398     24.34%     57.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     41310572     16.74%     74.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     27814334     11.27%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     16879128      6.84%     92.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     10129405      4.11%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4154336      1.68%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2899972      1.18%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1357440      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    246743573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          738987     24.66%     24.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           3148      0.11%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            13      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1735643     57.92%     82.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        518861     17.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        96678      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     230057021     57.46%     57.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      3976418      0.99%     58.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       637652      0.16%     58.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       179946      0.04%     58.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       148869      0.04%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        35652      0.01%     58.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        37533      0.01%     58.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        31691      0.01%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    112331663     28.06%     86.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     52842298     13.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      400375421                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.620128                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             2996692                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007485                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1046065475                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    436370513                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    396000374                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      4786941                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2728431                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2323064                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      400824986                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         2450449                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     28744197                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8443356                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        78464                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       117890                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3258667                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       233425                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        37870                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4011614                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5963271                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1849717                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    415859542                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        44776                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     114060466                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     54343025                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       290213                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1437523                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          2332                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       117890                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       437808                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       177052                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       614860                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     399570416                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     111628061                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       805005                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4129866                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            164310702                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         47166029                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           52682641                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.616871                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              398660621                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             398323438                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         268908220                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         320338378                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.611825                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.839451                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     28530716                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       483557                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       600821                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    242731959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.596781                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.643426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    124302050     51.21%     51.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     60588756     24.96%     76.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14513916      5.98%     82.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4662986      1.92%     84.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3720207      1.53%     85.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2028448      0.84%     86.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1522523      0.63%     87.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1318654      0.54%     87.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     30074419     12.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    242731959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    387589682                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      387589682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              156701468                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             105617110                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              193429                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           45895862                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2122017                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         377808999                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2579411                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      30074419                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            628775598                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           836259799                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   35831                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  382215                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           383796753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             383796753                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     383796753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.643898                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.643898                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.553042                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.553042                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        564275765                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       300290374                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2438573                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1164058                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1164470                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         386859                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      1326                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7843.328037                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    10112753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      9131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                   1107.518673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6241.647557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   413.803933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1118.914655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         65.026288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          3.935604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.761920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.050513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.136586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.957438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5081227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5081288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5038392                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5038392                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1279443                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1279443                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            61                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       6360670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6360731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           61                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6360670                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6360731                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  2397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6739                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6739                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   9136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          918                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8218                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  9136                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     61886000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     90860750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       152746750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    419586750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     419586750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     61886000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    510447500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        572333500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     61886000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    510447500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       572333500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5082706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5083685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5038392                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5038392                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1286182                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1286182                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6368888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              6369867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6368888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             6369867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.937692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.000472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005240                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.005240                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.937692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.001434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.937692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.001434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67413.943355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61433.908046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63724.134335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62262.464757                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62262.464757                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67413.943355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62113.348747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62645.961033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67413.943355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62113.348747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62645.961033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  578                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       578                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             2397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6739                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6739                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              9136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             9136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51347000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73885250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125232250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    342104250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    342104250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51347000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    415989500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    467336500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51347000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    415989500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    467336500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.937692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.937692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.001434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.937692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.001434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55933.551198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49956.220419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52245.410930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50764.838997                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50764.838997                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55933.551198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50619.311268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51153.294658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55933.551198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50619.311268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51153.294658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  5908985901                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5083685                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5083684                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5038392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1286182                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1286182                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     17776168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     17778125                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        62592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    730065920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 730128512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             730128512                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        10742521500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              8.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1692999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        9555360500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               655                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.533138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            48829609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          41841.995716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      123560352250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   465.342451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    42.190687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.908872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.082404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     48826394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        48826394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     48826394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         48826394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     48826394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        48826394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     92523999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92523999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     92523999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92523999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     92523999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92523999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     48827888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     48827888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     48827888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     48827888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     48827888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     48827888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61930.387550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61930.387550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61930.387550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61930.387550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61930.387550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61930.387550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    38.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63479501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63479501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63479501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63479501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63479501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63479501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64841.165475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64841.165475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64841.165475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64841.165475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64841.165475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64841.165475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6368478                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           483.511822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           117824401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6368966                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             18.499769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   483.501969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.009854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.944340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.944359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     70958270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        70958270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     46481281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       46481281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       190779                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       190779                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    117439551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        117439551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    117439551                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       117439551                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11466990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      11466990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4409648                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4409648                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2651                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2651                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     15876638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       15876638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     15876638                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      15876638                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 125222000500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 125222000500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  61190704668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  61190704668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35964500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     35964500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 186412705168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 186412705168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 186412705168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 186412705168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     82425260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     82425260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     50890929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     50890929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       193430                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       193430                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    133316189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    133316189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    133316189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    133316189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.139120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.139120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086649                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.086649                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013705                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013705                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.119090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.119090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10920.215375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10920.215375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13876.550842                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13876.550842                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13566.390041                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13566.390041                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11741.321127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11741.321127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11741.321127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11741.321127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       283087                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             32215                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.787428                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5038392                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5038392                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6384152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6384152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3123601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3123601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2648                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         2648                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9507753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      9507753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9507753                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      9507753                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5082838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5082838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1286047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1286047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6368885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6368885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6368885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6368885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57620070500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57620070500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15092090498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15092090498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  72712160998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  72712160998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  72712160998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  72712160998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025271                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025271                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11336.200465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11336.200465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11735.255786                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11735.255786                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11416.780331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11416.780331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11416.780331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11416.780331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
