
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.745335                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                745334862000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               745336573000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  69463                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    69463                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               22633460                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750288                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 32930.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287454310                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287454310                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        36416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       743424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               779840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        36416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           36416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       123328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            123328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11616                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 12185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1927                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1927                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        48859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       997436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1046295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        48859                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              48859                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            165467                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 165467                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            165467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        48859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       997436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1211761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         12185                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1927                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          14112                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       779840                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    123328                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 779840                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 123328                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        5                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   902                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   533                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   528                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   697                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   854                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   576                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   901                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1321                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1177                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   667                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  555                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  607                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  606                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  719                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  998                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   169                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     7                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     4                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    40                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    27                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    23                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   190                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   426                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   348                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   140                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                   11                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   58                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   42                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   39                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  145                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  258                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    745334625500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   12185                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1927                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1592.056738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     351.630203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2813.432464                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            203     35.99%     35.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           51      9.04%     45.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           30      5.32%     50.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           25      4.43%     54.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           17      3.01%     57.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           12      2.13%     59.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           11      1.95%     61.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           13      2.30%     64.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            3      0.53%     64.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            5      0.89%     65.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            6      1.06%     66.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            3      0.53%     67.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           10      1.77%     68.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            5      0.89%     69.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           11      1.95%     71.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            3      0.53%     72.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            6      1.06%     73.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            1      0.18%     73.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            4      0.71%     74.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            7      1.24%     75.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            2      0.35%     75.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           10      1.77%     77.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            3      0.53%     78.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            2      0.35%     78.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            2      0.35%     78.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            3      0.53%     79.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            1      0.18%     79.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            2      0.35%     79.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            1      0.18%     80.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            3      0.53%     80.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            2      0.35%     81.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.18%     81.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            1      0.18%     81.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.18%     81.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            1      0.18%     81.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            1      0.18%     81.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.18%     82.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            1      0.18%     82.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            3      0.53%     82.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            2      0.35%     83.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.18%     83.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.18%     83.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            1      0.18%     83.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.35%     84.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.18%     84.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.35%     84.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            2      0.35%     84.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            2      0.35%     85.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.18%     85.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.18%     85.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            2      0.35%     85.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.18%     86.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            3      0.53%     86.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.18%     86.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.18%     87.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.18%     87.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.18%     87.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.18%     87.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.18%     87.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.18%     87.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.35%     88.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.18%     88.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.53%     89.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           54      9.57%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8449            1      0.18%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10048-10049            1      0.18%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10624-10625            2      0.35%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12160-12161            1      0.18%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13248-13249            1      0.18%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13441            2      0.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       35992000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 268643250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     60900000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   171751250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2955.01                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14101.09                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  22056.10                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.05                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.05                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.17                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        12.22                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11826                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1699                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  88.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     52815662.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1211761                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6290                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6290                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1927                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5895                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5895                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        26297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         26297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       903168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     903168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 903168                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            14764000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           57825250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77553999                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72537774                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4202005                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77029841                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        76991783                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.950593                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          266467                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           77                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100830663                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15146                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1100845809                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441263228                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1540                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441264768                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1542093891                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16686                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1542110577                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217770321                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               129                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217770450                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1490669724                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    218080004                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2569451170                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77553999                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77258250                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357133007                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33135984                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      886075270                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           86                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3381                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217770321                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         28974                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1490153264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.724287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.136823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1133020257     76.03%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4474217      0.30%     76.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4244303      0.28%     76.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            43177      0.00%     76.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8695058      0.58%     77.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           549468      0.04%     77.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63501451      4.26%     81.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67180126      4.51%     86.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208445207     13.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1490153264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.052026                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.723689                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        342290610                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     765792165                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         134663248                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     218546023                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28861217                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4749303                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           309                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2538092317                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           965                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28861217                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        354848174                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       141234747                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15959759                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341322049                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     607927317                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2520166017                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            74                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          19568                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     603359031                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967748457                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3599287815                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3594195331                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5092484                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1785281235                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182467222                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1053633                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        1000956803                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1149992363                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470412631                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641353641                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    316904285                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509778636                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          225                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2390324990                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9334                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    222317665                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    195133466                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           46                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1490153264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.604080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240770                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    327077093     21.95%     21.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    414347463     27.81%     49.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    422522902     28.35%     78.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    183896642     12.34%     90.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    132940715      8.92%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      9025025      0.61%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        58832      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       275916      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8676      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1490153264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14708      0.40%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              4      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          199      0.01%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             4      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         292370      7.96%      8.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3366617     91.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       523757      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     718213027     30.05%     30.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118514472      4.96%     35.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1335437      0.06%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2229      0.00%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       791380      0.03%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11618      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262625      0.01%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1109127650     46.40%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441542795     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2390324990                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.603524                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3673902                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001537                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6266493191                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2728169066                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2376967456                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7993289                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4002918                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3996410                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2389478388                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3996747                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439370213                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106603142                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4313                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        76283                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41198714                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          965                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28861217                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        17513139                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       3286750                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2510063829                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7024                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1149992363                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470412631                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          138                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           6136                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       2675755                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        76283                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4199046                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3573                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4202619                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2381696075                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1100845821                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8628915                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                284968                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1542110647                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         72994981                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441264826                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.597736                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2381016202                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2380963866                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1811815201                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1812809462                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.597244                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999452                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    222333631                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4201709                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1461292047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.565551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.298638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    621805691     42.55%     42.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    459151702     31.42%     73.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    134719914      9.22%     83.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8938558      0.61%     83.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33228      0.00%     83.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62710056      4.29%     88.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     58284208      3.99%     92.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     56258038      3.85%     95.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     59390652      4.06%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1461292047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287727126                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287727126                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472603138                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043389221                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72697057                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3992040                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2281117306                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      59390652                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3911958967                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5048985504                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  417048                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  516460                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287450919                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287450919                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287450919                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.651673                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.651673                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.534512                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.534512                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3386642319                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1863550913                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2705844                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2674219                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          546879                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         262031                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4307                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8175.888707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3508398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    282.661779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5568.405465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    43.658568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2563.728375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.076701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.019599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.679737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.005329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.312955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2205545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 2205545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          1308663                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               1308663                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        54630                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 54630                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       2260175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2260175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2260175                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2260175                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5895                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5895                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  12186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11616                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 12186                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41150750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    354011750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       395162500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    379043250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     379043250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41150750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    733055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        774205750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41150750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    733055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       774205750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2211266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             2211836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1308663                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           1308663                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        60525                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             60525                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2271791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2272361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2271791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2272361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.002844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097398                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.097398                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.005363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.005363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72194.298246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61879.348016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62813.940550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64299.109415                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64299.109415                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72194.298246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63107.351928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63532.393731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72194.298246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63107.351928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63532.393731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1927                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1927                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5895                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5895                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             12186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            12186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34612250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    288271250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    322883500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    311301750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    311301750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34612250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    599573000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    634185250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34612250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    599573000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    634185250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.002844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.005363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.005363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60723.245614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50388.262542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51324.670164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52807.760814                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52807.760814                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60723.245614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51616.132920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52042.118004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60723.245614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51616.132920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52042.118004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   307493294                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2211836                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2211835                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1308663                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            60525                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           60525                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      5852245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      5853384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        36416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    229149056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 229185472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             229185472                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3099175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            993250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3410536500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               258                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           460.940003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217772695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          287299.069921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   338.909123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   122.030880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.661932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.238342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217769480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217769480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217769480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217769480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217769480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217769480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          841                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           841                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     59123500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     59123500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     59123500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     59123500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     59123500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     59123500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217770321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217770321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217770321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217770321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217770321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217770321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70301.426873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70301.426873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70301.426873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70301.426873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70301.426873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70301.426873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          271                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          271                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41723250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41723250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41723250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41723250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41723250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41723250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73198.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73198.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73198.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73198.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73198.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73198.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2271647                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           221.993309                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1088080981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2271869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            478.936497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   221.991656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.433577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.433581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    659106253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       659106253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    428973940                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      428973940                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1088080193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1088080193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1088080193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1088080193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2353302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2353302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       239900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       239900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2593202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2593202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2593202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2593202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31943166250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31943166250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3885531602                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3885531602                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       381000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       381000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35828697852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35828697852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35828697852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35828697852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661459555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661459555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429213840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429213840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090673395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090673395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090673395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090673395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.115385                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.115385                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13573.764120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13573.764120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16196.463535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16196.463535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42333.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42333.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13816.392958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13816.392958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13816.392958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13816.392958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7251                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    32.084071                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1308663                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1308663                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       140099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       181317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       181317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       321416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       321416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       321416                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       321416                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2213203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2213203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        58583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        58583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2271786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2271786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2271786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2271786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24786343000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24786343000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    965135498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    965135498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       187000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       187000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25751478498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25751478498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25751478498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25751478498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064103                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064103                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11199.308423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11199.308423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16474.668385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16474.668385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        37400                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        37400                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11335.345186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11335.345186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11335.345186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11335.345186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
