
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.017094                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17093535000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                17095246000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  20075                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    20075                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                7486081                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750256                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2283.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    45838228                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      45838228                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       712320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               761856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       186816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            186816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 11904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2919                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2919                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      2897938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     41671895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                44569833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2897938                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            2897938                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          10929044                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               10929044                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          10929044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      2897938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     41671895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               55498877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         11904                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         2919                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          14823                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       761856                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    186816                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 761856                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 186816                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        4                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   645                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   568                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   811                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   647                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   672                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   470                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   742                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1045                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   880                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   827                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  976                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 1009                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  716                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  571                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  598                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  723                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   205                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                   131                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                   208                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                   178                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    86                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    52                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   186                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   337                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   206                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   184                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                  321                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                  275                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                  127                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   49                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   98                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  276                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     17093298000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   11904                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   2919                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1800                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         1956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      483.108384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     176.087300                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1224.118607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            818     41.82%     41.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129          328     16.77%     58.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          141      7.21%     65.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          123      6.29%     72.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           69      3.53%     75.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           55      2.81%     78.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           39      1.99%     80.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           30      1.53%     81.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           41      2.10%     84.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           25      1.28%     85.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           16      0.82%     86.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           19      0.97%     87.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           19      0.97%     88.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           22      1.12%     89.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           14      0.72%     89.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           14      0.72%     90.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            7      0.36%     91.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           14      0.72%     91.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           10      0.51%     92.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           10      0.51%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           11      0.56%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            9      0.46%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            8      0.41%     94.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           10      0.51%     94.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            6      0.31%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            2      0.10%     95.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            5      0.26%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            4      0.20%     95.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            2      0.10%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            4      0.20%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            2      0.10%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            2      0.10%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.10%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.05%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            1      0.05%     96.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            3      0.15%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            3      0.15%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            4      0.20%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.05%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            1      0.05%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.10%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            1      0.05%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            2      0.10%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.15%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.10%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.05%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            2      0.10%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.05%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            2      0.10%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.05%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.05%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.05%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.05%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.05%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.05%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.05%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.10%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           36      1.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           1956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       89996750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 282225500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     59500000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   132728750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        7562.75                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    11153.68                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  23716.43                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          44.57                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          10.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  44.57                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  10.93                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.02                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.94                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11057                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1785                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   92.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  61.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1153160.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     55498877                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4064                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4064                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              2919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7840                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7840                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        26727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         26727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       948672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     948672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 948672                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            19087500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           56484000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         1199414                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      1137155                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        76439                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups       403455                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits          387427                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     96.027314                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           13975                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           86                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             20923365                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                401                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         20923766                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             6802653                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2220                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         6804873                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             27726018                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2621                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         27728639                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             3703796                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               128                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         3703924                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 34187070                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles      3808935                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               51472219                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             1199414                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches       401402                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles               6707376                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          723821                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       22571368                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           85                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3374                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3703796                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         12415                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     33711914                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.526826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.116957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         27004538     80.10%     80.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           129107      0.38%     80.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            98665      0.29%     80.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            32696      0.10%     80.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            36287      0.11%     80.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            24246      0.07%     81.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            13511      0.04%     81.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           282662      0.84%     81.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6090202     18.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     33711914                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.035084                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.505605                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          6685609                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      19747449                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           3705969                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2952435                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         620451                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        46277                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           336                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       51095009                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1073                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         620451                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          7373921                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         6011943                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1358764                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5870801                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12476033                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       50613721                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents             9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         266358                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      12014048                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     42208881                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      73896596                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     72882842                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1013754                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      38170776                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          4038105                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        55209                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          143                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          21446953                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     21843177                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      7151733                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13877721                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3100602                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           50250235                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          252                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          47922244                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         5414                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      4387397                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3763605                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           64                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     33711914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.421522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      8622900     25.58%     25.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     12228013     36.27%     61.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6053017     17.96%     79.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4200849     12.46%     92.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2121027      6.29%     98.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       429901      1.28%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        42175      0.13%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13269      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          763      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     33711914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             634      0.22%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              4      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           39      0.01%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         285157     97.39%     97.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          6957      2.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        22351      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      19242432     40.15%     40.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       410138      0.86%     41.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       276076      0.58%     41.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        25917      0.05%     41.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt        92114      0.19%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        20350      0.04%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        21327      0.04%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20997156     43.82%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6814383     14.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       47922244                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.401765                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              292791                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.006110                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    128581359                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     53862297                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47089441                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1273248                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       803630                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       626830                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       47555508                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          637176                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      8434508                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1871731                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4308                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        28300                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       497483                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2137                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         620451                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          547766                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         46079                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     50294697                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2163                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      21843177                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7151733                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          161                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          10379                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         13351                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        28300                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        22266                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        54847                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        77113                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      47822095                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      20923770                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100149                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 44210                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             27728643                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          1044277                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            6804873                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.398836                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               47771531                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              47716271                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          39510128                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          40190780                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.395740                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983064                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      4421324                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          188                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        76117                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     33091463                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.386102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.941488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     11196056     33.83%     33.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13505661     40.81%     74.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4463753     13.49%     88.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       789579      2.39%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       560089      1.69%     92.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       390135      1.18%     93.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214347      0.65%     94.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       185603      0.56%     94.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1786240      5.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     33091463                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     45868158                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       45868158                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               26625696                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              19971446                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches             996179                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             572415                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          45475923                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        13687                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1786240                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             81589609                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           101200712                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   21834                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  475156                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            45834837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              45834837                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total      45834837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.745875                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.745875                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.340707                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.340707                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         69108401                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        39411741                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            624572                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           495376                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           26738                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          11332                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4195                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7214.402424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       71327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      5.865707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5985.910163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   333.510523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   776.489314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         86.604431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         31.887993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.730702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.040712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.094786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.010572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.003893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.880664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        40851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   40864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            38280                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 38280                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        11064                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 11064                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         51915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    51928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        51915                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   51928                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7840                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                7840                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  11905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11130                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 11905                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56054750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    218459750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       274514500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    501605500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     501605500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56054750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    720065250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        776120000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56054750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    720065250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       776120000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        44141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               44929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        38280                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             38280                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18904                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             18904                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        63045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                63833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        63045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               63833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.090476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.414727                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.414727                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.176541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.186502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.176541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.186502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72328.709677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66401.139818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67531.242312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63980.293367                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63980.293367                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72328.709677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64695.889488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65192.776144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72328.709677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64695.889488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65192.776144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2919                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2919                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7840                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           7840                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             11905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            11905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     47163250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    180678250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227841500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    411502500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    411502500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     47163250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    592180750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    639344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     47163250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    592180750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    639344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.090476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.414727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.414727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.176541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.186502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.176541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.186502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60855.806452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54917.401216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56049.569496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52487.563776                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52487.563776                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60855.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53205.817610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53703.821924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60855.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53205.817610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53703.821924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   382318110                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              44929                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             44928                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            38280                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            18904                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           18904                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       164370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       165945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        50368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      6484800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   6535168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               6535168                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           89336500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1369250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          97290750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           485.846528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             3705834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               976                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           3796.961066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   403.052364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    82.794164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.787212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.161707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3702619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         3702619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3702619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          3702619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3702619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         3702619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79838000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79838000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3703796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3703796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3703796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      3703796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3703796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      3703796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67831.775701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67831.775701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67831.775701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67831.775701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67831.775701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67831.775701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          389                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          389                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56974250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56974250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56974250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56974250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56974250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56974250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72302.347716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72302.347716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72302.347716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72302.347716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72302.347716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72302.347716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             62926                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           196.816504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            18986228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             63123                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            300.781458                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   196.746315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.070189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.384270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.384407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12401527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        12401527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6583909                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6583909                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     18985436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         18985436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     18985436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        18985436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        86545                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         86545                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        70262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        70262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       156807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         156807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       156807                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        156807                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1582564250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1582564250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2739205580                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2739205580                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       262500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       262500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4321769830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4321769830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4321769830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4321769830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12488072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12488072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6654171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6654171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19142243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19142243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19142243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19142243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101266                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.101266                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18286.027500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18286.027500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38985.590789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38985.590789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32812.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32812.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27561.077184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27561.077184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27561.077184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27561.077184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       120957                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1610                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    75.128571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        38280                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             38280                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        42182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        42182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        51584                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        51584                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        93766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        93766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        93766                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        93766                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        44363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        44363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        18678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        63041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        63041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    674132000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    674132000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    628847000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    628847000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       121750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       121750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1302979000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1302979000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1302979000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1302979000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002807                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002807                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050633                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050633                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15195.816333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15195.816333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33667.790984                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33667.790984                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30437.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30437.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20668.755255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20668.755255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20668.755255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20668.755255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
