
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.123966                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                123965933500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               123967644500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26229                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    26229                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8447683                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750508                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14674.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   384899710                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     384899710                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        58368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       525376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               583744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        58368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           58368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        36288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total             36288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         8209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  9121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks             567                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                  567                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       470839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      4238068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 4708907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       470839                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             470839                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            292726                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 292726                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            292726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       470839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      4238068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                5001632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          9121                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                          567                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           9688                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       583744                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                     36288                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 583744                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                  36288                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       16                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   406                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   527                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   396                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   464                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   724                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   599                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   805                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   845                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   583                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   543                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  577                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  547                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  506                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  564                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  601                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  418                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    54                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   189                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                    80                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     7                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                    14                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   16                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   40                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   76                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                   65                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    123965691000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    9121                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                    567                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      4157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1332.616052                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     262.603253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2601.478603                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            202     43.82%     43.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           51     11.06%     54.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           20      4.34%     59.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           18      3.90%     63.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           14      3.04%     66.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385            7      1.52%     67.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            5      1.08%     68.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            8      1.74%     70.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            9      1.95%     72.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            8      1.74%     74.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            7      1.52%     75.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            4      0.87%     76.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            4      0.87%     77.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            5      1.08%     78.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            1      0.22%     78.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            2      0.43%     79.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            1      0.22%     79.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            4      0.87%     80.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            1      0.22%     80.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            2      0.43%     80.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            2      0.43%     81.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            1      0.22%     81.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            1      0.22%     81.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            3      0.65%     82.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            1      0.22%     82.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            1      0.22%     82.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            1      0.22%     83.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.43%     83.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            3      0.65%     84.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.22%     84.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            1      0.22%     84.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.22%     84.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.22%     85.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            2      0.43%     85.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.22%     85.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.43%     86.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.22%     86.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.22%     86.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            2      0.43%     86.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.43%     87.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.22%     87.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.22%     87.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.43%     88.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.22%     88.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.22%     88.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.43%     89.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           50     10.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       76920250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 192790250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     45525000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    70345000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8448.13                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     7725.97                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21174.11                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.71                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   4.71                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.29                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         8.20                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       8795                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                       401                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   96.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  70.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     12795798.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      5001632                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               567                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6739                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6739                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        18809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         18809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       620032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     620032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 620032                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             7112000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43296250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        49730825                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     39575904                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       613443                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     34048498                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        30559814                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.753780                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2766074                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         5908                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            111899085                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                338                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        111899423                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            52824397                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2288                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        52826685                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            164723482                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2626                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        164726108                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            48987063                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               270                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        48987333                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                97048                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                247932896                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     49420087                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              425257058                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            49730825                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     33325888                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              75001270                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         4780000                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      119092102                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           92                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         6352                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          48987063                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        217882                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    247555738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.717823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.938056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        172554468     69.70%     69.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5332035      2.15%     71.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6065605      2.45%     74.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          7793386      3.15%     77.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5998873      2.42%     79.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          7351221      2.97%     82.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          5400414      2.18%     85.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5218314      2.11%     87.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         31841422     12.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    247555738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.200582                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.715210                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         60555070                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     108403457                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          65685795                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8882842                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4028573                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      5790156                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          7290                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      422636533                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1218                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4028573                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         67012496                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        23162223                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     44137332                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          67781761                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      41433352                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      419758497                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents             3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       10744679                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      25665921                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    314275046                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     591362727                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    587295283                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      4067444                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     290001079                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         24273967                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1214910                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       291258                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          86566016                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    114348035                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     54494004                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     36269931                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13480559                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          412438506                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       485410                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         401520709                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       362656                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     27366569                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     19609780                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           93                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    247555738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.621941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.717053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     82400388     33.29%     33.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     60340253     24.37%     57.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     41415584     16.73%     74.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     27905043     11.27%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     16909980      6.83%     92.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     10147280      4.10%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4165547      1.68%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2908747      1.17%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1362916      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    247555738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          742627     24.67%     24.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           3128      0.10%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            11      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           50      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     24.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1738473     57.75%     82.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        526220     17.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        97030      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     230770760     57.47%     57.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      3985133      0.99%     58.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       638561      0.16%     58.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       180291      0.04%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       149018      0.04%     58.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        35655      0.01%     58.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        37495      0.01%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        31717      0.01%     58.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    112607530     28.05%     86.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     52987519     13.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      401520709                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.619473                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3010509                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007498                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1049170843                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    437672883                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    397129724                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      4799478                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2732195                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2329190                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      401977239                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         2456949                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     28792667                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8473553                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        78978                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       118440                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3268864                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       234286                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        37945                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4028573                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5984032                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1857016                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    417066853                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        45544                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     114348035                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     54494004                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       291248                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1442459                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          2355                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       118440                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       443509                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       176694                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       620203                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     400709662                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     111899427                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       811047                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4142937                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            164726112                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         47332293                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           52826685                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.616202                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              399797664                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             399458914                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         269625286                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         321233507                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.611157                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.839344                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     28627318                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       485317                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       606195                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    243527165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.596136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.643281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    124787929     51.24%     51.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     60721764     24.93%     76.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14557314      5.98%     82.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4690097      1.93%     84.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3726991      1.53%     85.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2031071      0.83%     86.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1522374      0.63%     87.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1318818      0.54%     87.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     30170807     12.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    243527165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    388702428                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      388702428                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              157099622                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             105874482                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              194133                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           46058462                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2126684                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         378889061                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2588615                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      30170807                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            630683764                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           838695553                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   35640                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  377158                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           384896319                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             384896319                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     384896319                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.644155                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.644155                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.552421                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.552421                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        565874551                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       301124811                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2444814                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1165855                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1168694                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         388267                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      1314                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7842.150102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    10158084                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      9094                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                   1117.009457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6245.424304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   413.734731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1113.966780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         65.004321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          4.019967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.762381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.050505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.135982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.957294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5105384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5105440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5059863                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5059863                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1284100                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1284100                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            56                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       6389484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6389540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           56                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6389484                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6389540                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  2383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6739                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6739                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   9122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          913                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8209                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  9122                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     61992000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     91002750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       152994750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    418103000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     418103000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     61992000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    509105750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        571097750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     61992000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    509105750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       571097750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5106854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5107823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5059863                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5059863                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1290839                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1290839                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6397693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              6398662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6397693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             6398662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.000467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005221                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.005221                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.001426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.001426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67899.233297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61906.632653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64202.580781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62042.291141                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62042.291141                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67899.233297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62017.998538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62606.637799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67899.233297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62017.998538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62606.637799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  567                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       567                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             2383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6739                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6739                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              9122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             9122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51512000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74131250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125643250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    340620000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    340620000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51512000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    414751250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    466263250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51512000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    414751250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    466263250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.001426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.001426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56420.591457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50429.421769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52724.821653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50544.591186                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50544.591186                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56420.591457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50523.967597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51114.147117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56420.591457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50523.967597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51114.147117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  5915702123                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5107823                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5107822                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5059863                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1290839                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1290839                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     17855249                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     17857186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        61952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    733283584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 733345536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             733345536                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        10789125500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              8.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1676249                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        9598566000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               645                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.538803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            48988793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          42341.221262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      123963925250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   465.933388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    41.605415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.910026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.081261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     48985578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        48985578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     48985578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         48985578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     48985578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        48985578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1485                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1485                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93308249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93308249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93308249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93308249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93308249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93308249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     48987063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     48987063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     48987063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     48987063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     48987063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     48987063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62833.837710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62833.837710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62833.837710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62833.837710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62833.837710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62833.837710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    38.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63525251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63525251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63525251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63525251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63525251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63525251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65557.534572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65557.534572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65557.534572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65557.534572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65557.534572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65557.534572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6397259                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           506.726051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           118120571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6397771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             18.462769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       24452526500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   506.716229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.009822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.989680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     71128700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        71128700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     46605666                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       46605666                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       191430                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       191430                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       194133                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       194133                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    117734366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        117734366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    117734366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       117734366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11517826                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      11517826                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4425341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4425341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2704                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2704                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     15943167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       15943167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     15943167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      15943167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 125799219500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 125799219500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  61395379161                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  61395379161                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36680000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     36680000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 187194598661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 187194598661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 187194598661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 187194598661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     82646526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     82646526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51031007                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     51031007                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       194134                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       194134                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       194133                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       194133                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    133677533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    133677533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    133677533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    133677533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.139362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.139362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086719                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.086719                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013929                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013929                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.119266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.119266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10922.132310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10922.132310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13873.592828                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13873.592828                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13565.088757                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13565.088757                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11741.368491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11741.368491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11741.368491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11741.368491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       283788                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             32268                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.794719                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5059863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5059863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6410816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6410816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3134661                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3134661                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2701                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         2701                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9545477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      9545477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9545477                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      9545477                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5107010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5107010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1290680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1290680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6397690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6397690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6397690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6397690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57892638500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57892638500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15143687998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15143687998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73036326498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  73036326498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73036326498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  73036326498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11335.916417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11335.916417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11733.108127                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11733.108127                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11416.046495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11416.046495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11416.046495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11416.046495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
