
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.052329                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 52329454500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                52331165500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  32178                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    32178                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11526248                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750416                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4540.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   146088605                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     146088605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      3534848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3584128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1603520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1603520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        55232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 56002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           25055                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                25055                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       941726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     67549873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                68491599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       941726                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             941726                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          30642781                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               30642781                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          30642781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       941726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     67549873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               99134379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         56002                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        25055                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          81057                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      3584128                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1603520                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                3584128                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1603520                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        9                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  3631                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  3647                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3735                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  3465                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  3538                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  3412                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  3604                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  3370                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  3388                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  3332                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 3478                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 3366                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 3454                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 3472                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 3497                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 3604                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1667                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1678                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1693                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1568                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1577                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1597                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1706                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1488                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1466                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1480                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1499                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1501                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1478                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1477                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1535                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1645                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     52329180500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   56002                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  25055                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     36429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      9193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      6153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        19861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      260.811037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     120.245501                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     719.731191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65          11423     57.51%     57.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         2912     14.66%     72.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1473      7.42%     79.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          892      4.49%     84.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          634      3.19%     87.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          527      2.65%     89.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          294      1.48%     91.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          197      0.99%     92.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           95      0.48%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           70      0.35%     93.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           67      0.34%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           82      0.41%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           44      0.22%     94.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           39      0.20%     94.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           46      0.23%     94.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           56      0.28%     94.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           32      0.16%     95.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           35      0.18%     95.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           36      0.18%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           95      0.48%     95.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           27      0.14%     96.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           25      0.13%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          229      1.15%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          187      0.94%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           20      0.10%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           13      0.07%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           12      0.06%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           11      0.06%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            4      0.02%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            6      0.03%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            8      0.04%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            6      0.03%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            3      0.02%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            5      0.03%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            7      0.04%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            2      0.01%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            3      0.02%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            5      0.03%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            3      0.02%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            1      0.01%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            4      0.02%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            2      0.01%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            5      0.03%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            2      0.01%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            4      0.02%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            7      0.04%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.01%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.01%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.01%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            5      0.03%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            2      0.01%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            6      0.03%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.01%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.01%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            2      0.01%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.01%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            3      0.02%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            3      0.02%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.01%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            4      0.02%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            2      0.01%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            3      0.02%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.01%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.01%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            3      0.02%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.01%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.01%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.01%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            2      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            2      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            4      0.02%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            3      0.02%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            3      0.02%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            3      0.02%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            3      0.02%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            4      0.02%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            5      0.03%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            3      0.02%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            4      0.02%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            6      0.03%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            5      0.03%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            2      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            4      0.02%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            3      0.02%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            5      0.03%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            4      0.02%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            5      0.03%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            1      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            3      0.02%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            2      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.02%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           62      0.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          19861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      798377000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1873050750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    279965000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   794708750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14258.51                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14193.00                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  33451.52                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          68.49                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          30.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  68.49                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  30.64                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.04                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.77                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      47581                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     13598                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   84.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  54.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       645584.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     99134379                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               27791                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              27791                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             25055                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             28211                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            28211                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       137059                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        137059                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      5187648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    5187648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                5187648                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           140748500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          265610750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         3549161                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3369839                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       222969                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1338809                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1306680                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     97.600180                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           36167                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           79                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             66380343                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1113                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         66381456                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            21621426                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4310                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        21625736                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             88001769                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5423                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         88007192                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            11761803                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               130                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        11761933                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                104658909                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     12041156                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              162528619                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             3549161                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1342847                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              21205505                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         2113547                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       66929930                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3406                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          11761803                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         34335                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    101989088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.593588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.166599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         80783583     79.21%     79.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           428436      0.42%     79.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           317165      0.31%     79.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            98471      0.10%     80.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           106265      0.10%     80.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            73548      0.07%     80.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            33934      0.03%     80.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1007452      0.99%     81.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         19140234     18.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    101989088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.033912                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.552936                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         20878834                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      58241770                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          12117591                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8942204                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1808688                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       138293                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           325                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      161415690                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1021                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1808688                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         23194718                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        16186666                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4364174                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          18480241                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      37954600                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      159982443                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          1654                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         766621                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      36450828                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    133658549                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     233844493                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    230755876                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      3088617                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     121886032                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11772517                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       165623                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          147                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          66571550                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     68979855                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     22617509                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     43599730                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      9393679                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          158906372                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          252                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         152294059                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16647                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12720165                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10774331                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           62                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    101989088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.493239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23964416     23.50%     23.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     36340516     35.63%     59.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     19610400     19.23%     78.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13387140     13.13%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7088598      6.95%     98.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1410368      1.38%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       148970      0.15%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        38169      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          511      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    101989088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             404      0.04%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             23      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         887628     98.17%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         16065      1.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        66723      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      61268487     40.23%     40.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1366044      0.90%     41.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       845235      0.56%     41.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        79396      0.05%     41.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       280367      0.18%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        56470      0.04%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        65179      0.04%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     66614659     43.74%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21651499     14.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      152294059                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.455147                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              904160                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005937                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    403646619                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169240304                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149769714                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3851394                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2466682                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1893082                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      151204141                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1927355                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     27303155                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5380134                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        12872                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        80874                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1439031                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        15261                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1808688                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          541232                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         27271                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159030217                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8395                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      68979855                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     22617509                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          161                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           2276                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          2991                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        80874                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        72475                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       152390                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       224865                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     151979774                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      66381458                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       314285                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                123593                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             88007194                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3122683                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           21625736                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.452144                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              151822572                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             151662796                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         125847206                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         127915037                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.449115                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983834                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12837453                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       222657                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    100180400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.459118                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.012794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     32339575     32.28%     32.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     41084323     41.01%     73.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14135432     14.11%     87.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2266801      2.26%     89.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1873490      1.87%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1139986      1.14%     92.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       674855      0.67%     93.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       551055      0.55%     93.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6114883      6.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    100180400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    146175059                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      146175059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               84778199                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              63599721                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2973448                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            1721015                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         144997197                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        35880                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       6114883                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            253063261                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           319837766                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   28125                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2669821                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           146085214                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             146085214                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     146085214                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.716424                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.716424                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.395822                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.395822                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        219987253                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       125521095                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           1888060                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1502384                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           71091                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          33518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     47999                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8112.552927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       12803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     56002                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.228617                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               52158702500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6025.777036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    76.878337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2009.052940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.675037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.169577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.735568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.009385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.245246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.990302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    7971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            32775                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 32775                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4264                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  4264                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         12235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    12235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        12235                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   12235                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        27021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 27792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28211                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               28211                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        55232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  56003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        55232                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 56003                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52225000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2047950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2100175000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2096464750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2096464750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4144414750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4196639750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4144414750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4196639750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               35763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        32775                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             32775                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        32475                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             32475                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        67467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                68238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        67467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               68238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.772205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.777116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.868699                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.868699                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.818652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.820701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.818652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.820701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67736.705577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75791.051404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75567.609384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74313.734004                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74313.734004                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67736.705577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75036.477948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74935.981108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67736.705577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75036.477948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74935.981108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                25055                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     25055                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        27021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            27792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28211                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          28211                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        55232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             56003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        55232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            56003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43379000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1737638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1781017000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1772397250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1772397250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43379000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3510035250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3553414250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43379000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3510035250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3553414250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.772205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.777116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.868699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.868699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.818652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.820701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.818652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.820701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56263.294423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64306.946449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64083.801094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62826.459537                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62826.459537                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56263.294423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63550.754092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63450.426763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56263.294423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63550.754092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63450.426763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   123539755                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              35763                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             35762                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            32775                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            32475                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           32475                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       167709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       169250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      6415488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   6464768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               6464768                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           83281500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1343000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         114606250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.464147                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11763865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          12266.803962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   395.173586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.290561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.771823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.174396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11760650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11760650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11760650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11760650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11760650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11760650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1153                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1153                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75120500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75120500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75120500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75120500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75120500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75120500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11761803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11761803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11761803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11761803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11761803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11761803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65152.211622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65152.211622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65152.211622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65152.211622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65152.211622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65152.211622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68738.002594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68738.002594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68738.002594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68738.002594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68738.002594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68738.002594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             67033                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.007116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            59981508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             67545                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            888.022918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         266605250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.983569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.023547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.998015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     38960164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        38960164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     21020551                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       21020551                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     59980715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         59980715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     59980715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        59980715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       106584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        106584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       157848                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       157848                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       264432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         264432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       264432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        264432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6221605000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6221605000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9907300771                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9907300771                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16128905771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16128905771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16128905771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16128905771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     39066748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39066748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21178399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21178399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     60245147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     60245147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     60245147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     60245147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007453                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007453                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58372.785784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58372.785784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62764.816602                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62764.816602                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60994.530809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60994.530809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60994.530809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60994.530809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       586564                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5740                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   102.188850                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        32775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             32775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        71595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        71595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       125373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       125373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       196968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       196968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       196968                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       196968                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        34989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        32475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        67464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        67464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        67464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2162614250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2162614250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2171651750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2171651750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4334266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4334266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4334266000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4334266000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001533                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001533                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61808.404070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61808.404070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66871.493457                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66871.493457                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64245.612475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64245.612475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64245.612475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64245.612475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
