
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.124385                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                124384729500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               124386440500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  25850                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    25850                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8377686                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750504                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14847.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   383800144                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     383800144                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        58816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       525952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               584768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        58816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           58816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        40000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total             40000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          919                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         8218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  9137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks             625                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                  625                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       472855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      4228429                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 4701284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       472855                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             472855                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            321583                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 321583                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            321583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       472855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      4228429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                5022867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          9137                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                          625                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           9762                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       584768                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                     40000                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 584768                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                  40000                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       17                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   406                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   527                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   396                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   464                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   724                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   598                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   809                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   861                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   583                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   545                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  577                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  547                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  506                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  564                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  599                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  414                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    56                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   184                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   117                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                    13                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                    15                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   17                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   40                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   77                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                   80                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    124384487000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    9137                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                    625                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      4022                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          478                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1301.020921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     270.719841                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2552.010061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            192     40.17%     40.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           53     11.09%     51.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           30      6.28%     57.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           21      4.39%     61.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           21      4.39%     66.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           11      2.30%     68.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            6      1.26%     69.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            5      1.05%     70.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           11      2.30%     73.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            8      1.67%     74.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            9      1.88%     76.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            3      0.63%     77.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            5      1.05%     78.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            5      1.05%     79.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            1      0.21%     79.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            1      0.21%     79.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            1      0.21%     80.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            1      0.21%     80.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            1      0.21%     80.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            2      0.42%     80.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            2      0.42%     81.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            1      0.21%     81.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            2      0.42%     82.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            1      0.21%     82.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            2      0.42%     82.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            2      0.42%     83.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            2      0.42%     83.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.42%     83.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.21%     84.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            2      0.42%     84.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.21%     84.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            1      0.21%     84.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            2      0.42%     85.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.21%     85.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            1      0.21%     85.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.21%     85.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.42%     86.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.21%     86.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.21%     86.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            2      0.42%     87.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.21%     87.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.42%     87.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.21%     88.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.21%     88.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.21%     88.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.42%     88.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.21%     89.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.21%     89.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.42%     89.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           49     10.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            478                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       81506000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 195842250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     45600000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    68736250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8937.06                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     7536.87                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21473.93                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.70                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   4.70                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.32                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         8.41                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       8809                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                       454                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   96.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  72.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     12741701.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      5022867                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               625                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6740                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6740                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        18899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         18899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       624768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     624768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 624768                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             7381000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43373250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        49925741                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     39727018                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       632220                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     38129901                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        30680042                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     80.461898                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2794194                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         8513                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            111967748                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                324                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        111968072                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            53012806                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2273                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        53015079                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            164980554                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2597                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        164983151                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            49257399                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               609                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        49258008                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                96696                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                248770250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     49734108                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              426656120                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            49925741                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     33474236                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              75243244                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         5088124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      118961989                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           96                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        13485                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          49257399                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        232297                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    248252390                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.718639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.938035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        173009146     69.69%     69.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5349171      2.15%     71.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6070556      2.45%     74.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          7791039      3.14%     77.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5988172      2.41%     79.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          7427905      2.99%     82.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          5473054      2.20%     85.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5284593      2.13%     87.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         31858754     12.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    248252390                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.200690                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.715061                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         60935730                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     108259225                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          65940156                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8825095                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4292183                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      5814554                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          7296                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      423739451                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1198                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4292183                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         67375650                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        23628681                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     43575227                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          68007405                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      41373243                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      420756254                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents             3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       11003734                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      25436216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    314840820                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     592697179                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    588641491                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      4055688                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     289196395                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         25644425                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1246006                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       290210                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          86388894                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    114442255                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     54764396                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     36211270                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13480460                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          413274620                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       483675                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         401754284                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       366476                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     29011764                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     20618261                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          118                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    248252390                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.618330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.718246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     83023765     33.44%     33.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     60566336     24.40%     57.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     41251257     16.62%     74.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     27664250     11.14%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     17170898      6.92%     92.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     10087406      4.06%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4204424      1.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2926914      1.18%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1357140      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    248252390                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          770768     25.66%     25.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           3225      0.11%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            12      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1715320     57.10%     82.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        514615     17.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        96678      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     230743301     57.43%     57.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      3979303      0.99%     58.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       636873      0.16%     58.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       179645      0.04%     58.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       148880      0.04%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        35631      0.01%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        37600      0.01%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        31691      0.01%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    112687345     28.05%     86.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     53177337     13.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      401754284                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.614961                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3003980                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007477                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1050350954                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    440161394                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    397281848                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      4780460                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2723675                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2319932                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      402214784                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         2446802                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     28668321                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8825145                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        75436                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       118875                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3680038                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       257553                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        64639                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4292183                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6646552                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1795717                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    417939895                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50377                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     114442255                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     54764396                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       290203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1382777                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          4481                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       118875                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       426885                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       213512                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       640397                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     400926435                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     111968076                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       827849                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4181600                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            164983155                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         47363639                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           53015079                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.611633                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              399943004                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             399601780                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         269585951                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         321032005                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.606309                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.839748                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     30655961                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       483557                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       624949                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    243960207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.588741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.634893                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    125049465     51.26%     51.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     60991225     25.00%     76.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14637281      6.00%     82.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4660965      1.91%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3791495      1.55%     85.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2015194      0.83%     86.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1555747      0.64%     87.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1306112      0.54%     87.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     29952723     12.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    243960207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    387589682                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      387589682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              156701468                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             105617110                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              193429                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           45895862                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2122017                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         377808999                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2579411                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      29952723                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            632250787                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           840790990                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   52632                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  517860                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           383796753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             383796753                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     383796753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.648182                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.648182                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.542776                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.542776                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        566090589                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       301068371                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2435241                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1162535                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1164470                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         386859                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      1380                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7844.083326                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    10188873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      9281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                   1097.820601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6244.213940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   414.516843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1116.501251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         64.988216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          3.863076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.762233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.050600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.136292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.957530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5106423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5106479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5089172                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5089172                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1305419                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1305419                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            56                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       6411842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6411898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           56                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6411842                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6411898                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  2398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6740                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6740                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   9138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          920                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8218                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  9138                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62856000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     90939500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       153795500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    421017750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     421017750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62856000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    511957250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        574813250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62856000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    511957250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       574813250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5107901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5108877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5089172                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5089172                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1312159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1312159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6420060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              6421036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6420060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             6421036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.000469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005137                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.005137                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.001423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.001423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68321.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61528.755074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64134.904087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62465.541543                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62465.541543                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68321.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62297.061329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62903.616765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68321.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62297.061329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62903.616765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  625                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       625                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             2398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6740                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6740                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              9138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             9138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52297000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73974500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126271500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    343521250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    343521250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52297000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    417495750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    469792750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52297000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    417495750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    469792750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.001423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.001423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56844.565217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50050.405954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52657.005838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50967.544510                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50967.544510                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56844.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50802.597956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51410.894069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56844.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50802.597956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51410.894069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  5922376894                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5108877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5108876                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5089172                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1312159                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1312159                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1951                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     17929292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     17931243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        62400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    736590848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 736653248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             736653248                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        10844276000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              8.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1687749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        9632120750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               652                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.520749                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            49259123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          42318.834192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      124382633750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   465.314238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    42.206512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.908817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.082435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49255908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        49255908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49255908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         49255908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49255908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        49255908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1491                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1491                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94303999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94303999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94303999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94303999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94303999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94303999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49257399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     49257399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49257399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     49257399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49257399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     49257399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63248.825620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63248.825620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63248.825620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63248.825620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63248.825620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63248.825620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    38.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64397251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64397251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64397251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64397251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64397251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64397251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65980.789959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65980.789959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65980.789959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65980.789959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65980.789959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65980.789959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6419803                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           333.810057                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           118130029                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6420138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             18.399921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   333.800267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.009789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.651954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.651973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     71294457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        71294457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     46450723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       46450723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       190778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       190778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    117745180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        117745180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    117745180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       117745180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11496631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      11496631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4440206                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4440206                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2652                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2652                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     15936837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       15936837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     15936837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      15936837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 125043668750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 125043668750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  61559522588                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  61559522588                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35978000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     35978000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 186603191338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 186603191338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 186603191338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 186603191338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     82791088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     82791088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     50890929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     50890929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       193430                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       193430                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    133682017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    133682017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    133682017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    133682017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.138863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.138863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087249                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.087249                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013710                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013710                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.119215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.119215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10876.548856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10876.548856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13864.114095                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13864.114095                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13566.365008                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13566.365008                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11708.922626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11708.922626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11708.922626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11708.922626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       357101                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             57433                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     6.217697                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5089172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5089172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6388579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6388579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3128201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3128201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2649                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         2649                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9516780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      9516780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9516780                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      9516780                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5108052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5108052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1312005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1312005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6420057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6420057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6420057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6420057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57900990500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57900990500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15411493248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15411493248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73312483748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  73312483748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73312483748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  73312483748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025781                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025781                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11335.239050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11335.239050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11746.520210                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11746.520210                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11419.288606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11419.288606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11419.288606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11419.288606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
