
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.188302                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                188301679500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               188303390000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  55862                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    55862                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               12393292                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750372                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15193.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   848760973                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     848760973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     31491968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             31554752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     15739776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          15739776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          981                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       492062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                493043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          245934                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               245934                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       333422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    167242098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               167575521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       333422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             333422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          83588081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               83588081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          83588081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       333422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    167242098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              251163602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        493045                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       245934                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         738979                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     31554752                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  15739776                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               31554752                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               15739776                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       18                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 30884                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 30791                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 30865                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 30738                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 30763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 30772                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 30767                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 30810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 30747                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 30760                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                30765                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                30911                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                30922                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                30853                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                30772                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                30907                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 15368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 15408                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                15430                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                15399                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                15366                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    188301649500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  493045                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 245934                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    492456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        36586                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1291.232275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     614.981177                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1931.791621                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4400     12.03%     12.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3546      9.69%     21.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          556      1.52%     23.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          536      1.47%     24.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          476      1.30%     26.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          643      1.76%     27.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1927      5.27%     33.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513         3306      9.04%     42.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          323      0.88%     42.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          471      1.29%     44.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          318      0.87%     45.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          398      1.09%     46.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          372      1.02%     47.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          455      1.24%     48.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961         4541     12.41%     60.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         2526      6.90%     67.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          305      0.83%     68.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          298      0.81%     69.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          302      0.83%     70.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          331      0.90%     71.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          293      0.80%     71.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          475      1.30%     73.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         6426     17.56%     90.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           83      0.23%     91.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           22      0.06%     91.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           21      0.06%     91.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           23      0.06%     91.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           15      0.04%     91.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           16      0.04%     91.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           30      0.08%     91.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           47      0.13%     91.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           48      0.13%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           35      0.10%     91.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           14      0.04%     91.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           14      0.04%     91.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           11      0.03%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            9      0.02%     91.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           15      0.04%     91.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           12      0.03%     91.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            9      0.02%     91.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            7      0.02%     91.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           13      0.04%     92.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            7      0.02%     92.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           21      0.06%     92.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            8      0.02%     92.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           41      0.11%     92.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.01%     92.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            6      0.02%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            7      0.02%     92.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            5      0.01%     92.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            4      0.01%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            6      0.02%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            4      0.01%     92.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            5      0.01%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            3      0.01%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            6      0.02%     92.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            3      0.01%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            5      0.01%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            6      0.02%     92.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            7      0.02%     92.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            4      0.01%     92.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           11      0.03%     92.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           25      0.07%     92.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           18      0.05%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           28      0.08%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           15      0.04%     92.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            6      0.02%     92.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           22      0.06%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           13      0.04%     92.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           27      0.07%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            8      0.02%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            8      0.02%     92.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            6      0.02%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            9      0.02%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            3      0.01%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            9      0.02%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            8      0.02%     93.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993           15      0.04%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            5      0.01%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            9      0.02%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            4      0.01%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            3      0.01%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.00%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            3      0.01%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            4      0.01%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.00%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            7      0.02%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            2      0.01%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            9      0.02%     93.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            5      0.01%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.01%     93.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.00%     93.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           10      0.03%     93.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           15      0.04%     93.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            4      0.01%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           27      0.07%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            8      0.02%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            4      0.01%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.01%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            4      0.01%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            9      0.02%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            4      0.01%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            4      0.01%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            3      0.01%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            7      0.02%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            7      0.02%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            5      0.01%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            8      0.02%     93.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041           13      0.04%     93.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            5      0.01%     93.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            5      0.01%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            9      0.02%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297           17      0.05%     93.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            8      0.02%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           13      0.04%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            3      0.01%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553           52      0.14%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            3      0.01%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           11      0.03%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           15      0.04%     93.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           11      0.03%     94.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            6      0.02%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           10      0.03%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            8      0.02%     94.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           10      0.03%     94.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           25      0.07%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         2135      5.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          36586                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      356629000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10033969000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2465135000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  7212205000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         723.35                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14628.42                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20351.76                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         167.58                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          83.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 167.58                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  83.59                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.84                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     471009                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    231348                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       254813.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    251163602                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              247036                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             247034                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            245934                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            246009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           246009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side      1232022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                       1232022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     47294528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   47294528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               47294528                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1353225500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2338787500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        28924941                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     10001654                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        13757                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     18383801                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        18372514                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.938604                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         9452908                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          106                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            242287105                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               4835                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        242291940                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            81105464                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2330                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        81107794                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            323392569                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               7165                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        323399734                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            77426608                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                88                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        77426696                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  503                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                376603359                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     77471174                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              878533588                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            28924941                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     27825422                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             128311135                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          175879                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      138894751                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1461                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           48                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          77426608                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          7715                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    344821060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.547796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.560506                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        216509925     62.79%     62.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4473987      1.30%     64.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          8510911      2.47%     66.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4221231      1.22%     67.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5093220      1.48%     69.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          2643062      0.77%     70.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6236704      1.81%     71.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3690488      1.07%     72.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         93441532     27.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    344821060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.076805                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.332782                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        105623296                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     110758588                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         104832455                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      23464766                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         141954                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      9467000                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           487                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      878433265                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1554                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         141954                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        112571807                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        49883647                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       373899                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         120938315                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      60911437                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      878296268                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          85910                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      55943117                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    749295736                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1228682122                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    855199777                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    373482345                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     748287981                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          1007755                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         5825                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         3731                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         177885906                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    242370313                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     81171007                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     37900147                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3739207                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          849793961                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         6876                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         849355567                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        11383                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1023158                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       829846                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          114                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    344821060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.463178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.584976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     38924539     11.29%     11.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     64264973     18.64%     29.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     81819767     23.73%     53.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     69497719     20.15%     73.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     51603187     14.97%     88.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     27829735      8.07%     96.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      9166981      2.66%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1318678      0.38%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       395481      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    344821060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          107867      0.99%      0.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          3453      0.03%      1.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      1.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt       1240097     11.34%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       697749      6.38%     18.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     18.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     18.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     18.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     18.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     18.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     18.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     18.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     18.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     18.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     18.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     18.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     18.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     18.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     18.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     18.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     18.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     18.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     18.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     18.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     18.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     18.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     18.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4172166     38.15%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       4715776     43.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          393      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     299353972     35.24%     35.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     18887317      2.22%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    127962340     15.07%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     48252015      5.68%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     28320095      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      3147010      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    242320876     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     81111546      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      849355567                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.255305                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            10937108                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012877                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1527943172                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    588459626                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    587025992                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    526537513                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    262379451                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    262232957                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      595997788                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       264294494                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     32481105                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       319757                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          748                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        15233                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       124093                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1393                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         141954                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        14681936                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        781441                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    878147316                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8258                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     242370313                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     81171007                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         3722                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         150623                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         41604                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        15233                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10358                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4258                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        14616                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     849309417                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     242291946                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        46150                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              28346479                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            323399740                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         28897179                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           81107794                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.255183                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              849281668                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             849258949                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         722662938                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         817918119                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.255049                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.883539                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       969674                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         6762                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        13283                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    344679106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.544659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.273463                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    140478243     40.76%     40.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     86722122     25.16%     65.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11329330      3.29%     69.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6049973      1.76%     70.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5523302      1.60%     72.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3824238      1.11%     73.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5890187      1.71%     75.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      5889095      1.71%     77.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     78972616     22.91%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    344679106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    877090814                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      877090814                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              323097470                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             242050556                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                3127                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           28869639                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          262150420                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         689356941                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      9447851                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      78972616                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1143712898                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1756263444                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  509232                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                31782299                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           848757582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             848757582                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     848757582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.443711                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.443711                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.253718                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.253718                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        949712781                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       502227798                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         277944274                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        246496922                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         8396963                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           6255                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    485157                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8114.184806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1182471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    493327                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.396931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5601.331120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     7.677747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2504.196063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.777789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.202087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.683756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.305688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.990501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           74                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       666903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  666977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           762385                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                762385                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       291506                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                291506                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            74                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        958409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   958483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           74                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       958409                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  958483                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                247036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246009                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              246009                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       492064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 493045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          981                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       492064                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                493045                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67622250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15065804500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15133426750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15355284750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   15355284750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67622250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30421089250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      30488711500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67622250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30421089250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     30488711500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       912958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              914013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       762385                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            762385                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       537515                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            537515                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1450473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1451528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1450473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1451528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.269514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.270276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.457678                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.457678                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.339244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.339673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.339244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.339673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68931.957187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61229.418220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61260.005627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62417.573138                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62417.573138                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68931.957187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61823.440142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61837.583791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68931.957187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61823.440142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61837.583791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               245934                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    245934                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           247036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246009                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         246009                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            493045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           493045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56349750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12238568500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12294918250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12530132250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12530132250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56349750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24768700750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24825050500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56349750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24768700750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24825050500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.269514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.270276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.457678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.339244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.339673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.339244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.339673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57441.131498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49739.157912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49769.743074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50933.633526                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50933.633526                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57441.131498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50336.339887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50350.476123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57441.131498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50336.339887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50350.476123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   752464367                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             914013                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            914011                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           762385                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           537515                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          537515                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      3663329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      3665439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        67520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    141622784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 141690304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             141690304                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1869341500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1823250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2295559000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               728                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.825456                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            77428349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1238                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          62543.092892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   498.581698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    11.243759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.973792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.021960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77425148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        77425148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77425148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         77425148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77425148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        77425148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95450499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95450499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95450499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95450499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95450499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95450499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77426608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77426608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77426608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     77426608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77426608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     77426608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65377.054110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65377.054110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65377.054110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65377.054110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65377.054110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65377.054110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          314                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    39.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          405                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69430250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69430250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69430250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69430250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69430250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69430250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65810.663507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65810.663507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65810.663507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65810.663507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65810.663507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65810.663507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1450411                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           139.991730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           285625185                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1450551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            196.908061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   139.978433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.013297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.273395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.273421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    206302603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       206302603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     79317370                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       79317370                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1584                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1584                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    285619973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        285619973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    285619973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       285619973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3498912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       3498912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1726417                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1726417                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1543                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1543                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5225329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        5225329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5225329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       5225329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79581493500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79581493500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54916174200                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  54916174200                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21244500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     21244500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 134497667700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 134497667700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 134497667700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 134497667700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209801515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209801515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     81043787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     81043787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290845302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    290845302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290845302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    290845302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021302                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021302                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.493444                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.493444                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22744.639905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22744.639905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31809.333550                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31809.333550                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13768.308490                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13768.308490                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25739.559691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25739.559691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25739.559691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25739.559691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15894                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1024                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    15.521484                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       762385                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            762385                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2584815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      2584815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1190042                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1190042                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3774857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3774857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3774857                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3774857                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       914097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       914097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       536375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       536375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1450472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1450472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1450472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1450472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22705587750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22705587750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18823379749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18823379749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        61750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41528967499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41528967499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41528967499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41528967499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006618                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006618                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24839.363601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24839.363601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35093.693310                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35093.693310                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28631.347244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28631.347244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28631.347244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28631.347244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
