
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.126244                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                126243952500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               126245663500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  25543                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    25543                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8401978                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750516                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15025.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   383800144                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     383800144                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        58496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       526208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               584704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        58496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           58496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        41728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total             41728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         8222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  9136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks             652                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                  652                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       463357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      4168184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 4631541                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       463357                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             463357                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            330535                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 330535                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            330535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       463357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      4168184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4962075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          9136                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                          652                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           9788                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       584704                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                     41728                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 584704                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                  41728                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       23                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   406                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   527                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   396                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   464                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   724                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   593                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   808                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   862                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   583                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   542                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  577                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  547                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  506                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  564                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  599                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  415                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     4                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    56                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   199                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   120                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                    13                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                    19                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   17                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   40                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   79                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                   83                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    126243710000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    9136                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                    652                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      4171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          483                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1288.480331                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     263.785880                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2555.906303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            199     41.20%     41.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           52     10.77%     51.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           33      6.83%     58.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           21      4.35%     63.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           16      3.31%     66.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           11      2.28%     68.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            5      1.04%     69.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           14      2.90%     72.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            6      1.24%     73.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           10      2.07%     75.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            4      0.83%     76.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            5      1.04%     77.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            6      1.24%     79.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            4      0.83%     79.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            2      0.41%     80.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            1      0.21%     80.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            3      0.62%     81.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            1      0.21%     81.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            2      0.41%     81.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            1      0.21%     81.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            2      0.41%     82.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            1      0.21%     82.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            2      0.41%     83.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            1      0.21%     83.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            1      0.21%     83.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.21%     83.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            1      0.21%     83.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            3      0.62%     84.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.21%     84.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            1      0.21%     84.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            2      0.41%     85.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.21%     85.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            2      0.41%     85.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.21%     86.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.41%     86.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            1      0.21%     86.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.21%     86.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            2      0.41%     87.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            1      0.21%     87.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.21%     87.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.21%     87.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.21%     88.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.21%     88.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.21%     88.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.21%     88.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.21%     89.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.21%     89.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.41%     89.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           50     10.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            483                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       80198250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 196108250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     45565000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    70345000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8800.42                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     7719.19                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21519.61                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.63                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.33                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   4.63                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.33                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         7.81                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       8802                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                       472                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   96.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  72.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     12897804.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      4962075                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2394                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2394                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6742                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6742                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        18924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         18924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       626432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     626432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 626432                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             7502000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43365250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        49928156                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     39736671                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       634826                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     40141382                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        30687629                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     76.448860                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2793768                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         8356                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            112005032                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                368                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        112005400                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            53014614                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2288                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        53016902                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            165019646                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2656                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        165022302                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            49281902                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               564                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        49282466                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                96696                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                252488838                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     49766190                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              426804110                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            49928156                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     33481397                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              75270096                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         5120796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      121913145                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           94                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        12610                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          49281902                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        228599                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    251288682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.698461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.926610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        176018586     70.05%     70.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5352280      2.13%     72.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6074243      2.42%     74.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          7794070      3.10%     77.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5986358      2.38%     80.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          7431039      2.96%     83.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          5473228      2.18%     85.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5289885      2.11%     87.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         31868993     12.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    251288682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.197744                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.690388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         61037518                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     111136538                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          65984516                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8810846                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4319263                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      5811930                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          7294                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      423895311                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1193                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4319263                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         67497867                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        26088032                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     43595537                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          68001796                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      41786186                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      420901323                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            86                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       11214761                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      25626837                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    314963731                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     592908212                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    588855974                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      4052238                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     289196395                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         25767336                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1245672                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       290193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          86813140                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    114510219                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     54784019                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     36171578                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13621487                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          413435766                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       483629                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         401841322                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       366479                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     29149600                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     20729289                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           72                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    251288682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.599122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.714313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     85437187     34.00%     34.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     61321786     24.40%     58.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     41380289     16.47%     74.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     27557257     10.97%     85.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     17016805      6.77%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     10080991      4.01%     96.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4202876      1.67%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2934172      1.17%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1357319      0.54%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    251288682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          770758     26.00%     26.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           3169      0.11%     26.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     26.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            13      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           39      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     26.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1676784     56.56%     82.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        513953     17.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        96678      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     230787659     57.43%     57.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      3982247      0.99%     58.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       637352      0.16%     58.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       179912      0.04%     58.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       148907      0.04%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        35639      0.01%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        37708      0.01%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        31691      0.01%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    112724330     28.05%     86.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     53179199     13.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      401841322                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.591521                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             2964716                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007378                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1053523072                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    440466611                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    397368019                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      4779449                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2720344                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2319270                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      402262903                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         2446457                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     28584643                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8893109                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        75806                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       121838                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3699661                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       257126                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        64968                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4319263                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         8250565                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1911883                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    418100001                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50738                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     114510219                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     54784019                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       290181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1421118                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         21314                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       121838                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       430049                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       212513                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       642562                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     401012598                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     112005404                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       828724                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4180606                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            165022306                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         47368579                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           53016902                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.588239                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              400026588                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             399687289                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         269597810                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         321039671                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.582990                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.839765                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     30812180                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       483557                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       627556                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246969419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.569383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.623543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    127864903     51.77%     51.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     61228445     24.79%     76.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14628232      5.92%     82.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4646989      1.88%     84.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3796083      1.54%     85.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2030811      0.82%     86.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1524800      0.62%     87.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1316629      0.53%     87.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     29932527     12.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246969419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    387589682                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      387589682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              156701468                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             105617110                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              193429                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           45895862                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2122017                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         377808999                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2579411                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      29932527                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            635436414                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           841130684                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  143024                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 1200156                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           383796753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             383796753                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     383796753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.657871                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.657871                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.520054                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.520054                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        566214564                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       301143064                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2434718                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1163676                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1164470                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         386859                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      1412                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7848.247750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    10451557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      9415                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                   1110.096336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6252.178009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   410.343383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1116.707251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         65.102084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          3.917023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.763205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.050091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.136317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.958038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5268111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5268165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5190118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5190118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1336069                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1336069                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            54                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       6604180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6604234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           54                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6604180                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6604234                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  2395                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6742                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6742                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   9137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          915                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8222                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  9137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64970750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     91496500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       156467250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    418500500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     418500500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64970750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    509997000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        574967750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64970750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    509997000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       574967750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5269591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5270560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5190118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5190118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1342811                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1342811                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6612402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              6613371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6612402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             6613371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.944272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.000454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005021                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.005021                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.944272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.001382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.944272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.001382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71006.284153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61821.959459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65330.793319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62073.642836                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62073.642836                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71006.284153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62028.338604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62927.410529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71006.284153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62028.338604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62927.410529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  652                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       652                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             2395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6742                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6742                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              9137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             9137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54470250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74509500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128979750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    340985500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    340985500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54470250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    415495000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    469965250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54470250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    415495000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    469965250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.944272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.944272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.001382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.944272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.001382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59530.327869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50344.256757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53853.757829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50576.312667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50576.312667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59530.327869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50534.541474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51435.400022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59530.327869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50534.541474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51435.400022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  5983836984                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5270560                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5270559                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5190118                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1342811                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1342811                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     18414922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     18416859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        61952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    755361280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 755423232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             755423232                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        11091862500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              8.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1675748                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        9920628500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               645                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.435591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            49283628                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          42596.048401                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      126241597750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   465.283339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    42.152252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.908757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.082329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49280413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        49280413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49280413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         49280413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49280413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        49280413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97355748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97355748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97355748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97355748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97355748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97355748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49281902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     49281902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49281902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     49281902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49281902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     49281902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65383.309604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65383.309604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65383.309604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65383.309604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65383.309604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65383.309604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    38.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          520                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          520                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66487252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66487252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66487252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66487252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66487252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66487252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68614.295150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68614.295150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68614.295150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68614.295150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68614.295150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68614.295150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6612347                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           132.992980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           117853961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6612480                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             17.822959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   132.983713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.009267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.259734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.259752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     71122726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        71122726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     46346384                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       46346384                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       190780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       190780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    117469110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        117469110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    117469110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       117469110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11789597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      11789597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4544545                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4544545                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2650                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2650                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     16334142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16334142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     16334142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16334142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 128331655250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 128331655250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  62550499659                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  62550499659                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35951000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     35951000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 190882154909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 190882154909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 190882154909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 190882154909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     82912323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     82912323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     50890929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     50890929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       193430                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       193430                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    133803252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    133803252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    133803252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    133803252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.142194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.142194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.089300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013700                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013700                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.122076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.122076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.122076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.122076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10885.160472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10885.160472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13763.864074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13763.864074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13566.415094                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13566.415094                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11686.083965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11686.083965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11686.083965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11686.083965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       356287                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             57659                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     6.179209                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5190118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5190118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6519635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6519635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3202108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3202108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2647                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         2647                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9721743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      9721743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9721743                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      9721743                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5269962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5269962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1342437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1342437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6612399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6612399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6612399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6612399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  59687137000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  59687137000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15744276498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15744276498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75431413498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  75431413498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75431413498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  75431413498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026379                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026379                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11325.914115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11325.914115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11728.130630                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11728.130630                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11407.571367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11407.571367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11407.571367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11407.571367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
