
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.329964                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                329964454500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               329966165500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  35564                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    35564                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11304059                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750512                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29189.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1038114434                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1038114434                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        60224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      5062784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5123008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        60224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           60224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2343616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2343616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        79106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 80047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           36619                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                36619                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       182517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     15343422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15525939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       182517                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             182517                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           7102632                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                7102632                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           7102632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       182517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     15343422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               22628571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         80047                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        36619                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         116666                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      5123008                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2343616                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                5123008                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2343616                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       21                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4903                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4838                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4840                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  4975                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  5271                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  5194                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4907                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4841                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  5051                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  5004                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 5169                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4993                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 5048                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 5032                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 5002                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4958                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2234                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2222                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2192                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2274                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2252                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2283                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2345                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2217                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2314                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2335                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2302                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2266                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2329                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2362                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2357                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2335                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    329964168000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   80047                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  36619                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     61141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      603.712621                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     254.429071                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1158.227260                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           3476     28.12%     28.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1643     13.29%     41.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1196      9.68%     51.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          937      7.58%     58.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          659      5.33%     64.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          529      4.28%     68.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          427      3.45%     71.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          296      2.39%     74.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          160      1.29%     75.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          158      1.28%     76.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          125      1.01%     77.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          151      1.22%     78.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          132      1.07%     80.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           87      0.70%     80.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          128      1.04%     81.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          159      1.29%     83.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          108      0.87%     83.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           82      0.66%     84.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          100      0.81%     85.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          194      1.57%     86.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           70      0.57%     87.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           73      0.59%     88.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          432      3.50%     91.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          370      2.99%     94.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           35      0.28%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           22      0.18%     95.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           18      0.15%     95.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           20      0.16%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           16      0.13%     95.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           14      0.11%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           13      0.11%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           15      0.12%     95.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           14      0.11%     95.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            6      0.05%     96.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           11      0.09%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           12      0.10%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            9      0.07%     96.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            6      0.05%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            8      0.06%     96.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           10      0.08%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            7      0.06%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            9      0.07%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           11      0.09%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            4      0.03%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            6      0.05%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            7      0.06%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            9      0.07%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           10      0.08%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            7      0.06%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            3      0.02%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            4      0.03%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            5      0.04%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            6      0.05%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            2      0.02%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            7      0.06%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            8      0.06%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            6      0.05%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            3      0.02%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            7      0.06%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            6      0.05%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            4      0.03%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            6      0.05%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            4      0.03%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            4      0.03%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            7      0.06%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            9      0.07%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            5      0.04%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.01%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            5      0.04%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            5      0.04%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            6      0.05%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            7      0.06%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            2      0.02%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            2      0.02%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            6      0.05%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.01%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            3      0.02%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            2      0.02%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            6      0.05%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            5      0.04%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            5      0.04%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            2      0.02%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            3      0.02%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            4      0.03%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.02%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.01%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            5      0.04%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.01%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            6      0.05%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            3      0.02%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.02%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.01%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.01%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.02%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.01%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.01%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.01%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.02%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            2      0.02%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.01%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            3      0.02%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            3      0.02%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.01%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            3      0.02%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.01%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.01%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.01%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.02%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            3      0.02%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            1      0.01%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            3      0.02%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.01%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            3      0.02%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            4      0.03%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            3      0.02%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            4      0.03%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            2      0.02%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            2      0.02%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            1      0.01%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            7      0.06%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          114      0.92%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8320-8321            1      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8384-8385            1      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8640-8641            1      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8705            1      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8961            1      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9024-9025            1      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9088-9089            1      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9600-9601            1      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9792-9793            1      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9920-9921            2      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-9985            1      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10368-10369            1      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      682300250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2078617750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    400130000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   996187500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8525.98                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12448.30                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25974.28                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          15.53                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           7.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  15.53                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   7.10                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.52                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      74591                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     29691                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  81.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      2828280.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     22628571                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               42160                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              42160                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             36619                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             37887                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            37887                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       196713                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        196713                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      7466624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    7466624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                7466624                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           204809000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          379612000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       130663459                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    104479189                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      1693865                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     98604317                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        81227264                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     82.376986                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         7176846                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        21075                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            310061580                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1438                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        310063018                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           141798477                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4688                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       141803165                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            451860057                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               6126                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        451866183                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           131944062                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              1253                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       131945315                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               247964                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                659931550                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    133203250                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             1151414796                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           130663459                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     88404110                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             201810556                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        13486700                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      309867192                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          109                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        26792                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         131944062                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        597400                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    656293718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.754420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.963664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        454483162     69.25%     69.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         13978647      2.13%     71.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         15675141      2.39%     73.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         20962364      3.19%     76.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         15652459      2.38%     79.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         20054337      3.06%     82.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         14951199      2.28%     84.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         13681212      2.08%     86.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         86855197     13.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    656293718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.197995                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.744749                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        163353388                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     281036331                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         175999015                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      24538171                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       11366812                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     14924726                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred         19026                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     1143537549                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1173                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       11366812                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        180260423                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        60241285                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    111904059                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         182745630                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     109775508                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     1135564187                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           421                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       27068857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      69478114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    855359709                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1601245021                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1590785366                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10459655                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     787399669                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         67960040                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3208074                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       745009                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         231859748                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    316637150                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    146442622                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    101954099                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     35269557                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         1116081578                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1241981                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        1085782188                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       925340                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     76506770                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     54216132                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2092                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    656293718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.654415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.720959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    213221348     32.49%     32.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    157292026     23.97%     56.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    112519509     17.14%     73.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     76756220     11.70%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     47268773      7.20%     92.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     26452809      4.03%     96.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     11241393      1.71%     98.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7938131      1.21%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3603509      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    656293718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         2036551     24.15%     24.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           6538      0.08%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            34      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     24.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        5065330     60.08%     84.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1322826     15.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       247946      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     617159331     56.84%     56.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     11456015      1.06%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1636966      0.15%     58.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       463932      0.04%     58.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       389603      0.04%     58.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        83394      0.01%     58.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       101943      0.01%     58.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        79176      0.01%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    311932125     28.73%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    142231757     13.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     1085782188                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.645295                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             8431319                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007765                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   2824930510                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1187074629                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1074177937                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     12284243                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      7061976                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5956235                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1087674943                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         6290618                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     83408194                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     23499520                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       192664                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       315999                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      9745431                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       665232                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       160357                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       11366812                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        16788954                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       4525958                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1128061463                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       147552                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     316637150                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    146442622                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       744995                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        3498563                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          4470                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       315999                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1148884                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       572780                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      1721664                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    1083596989                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     310063020                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2185199                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              10737904                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            451866185                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        123986134                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          141803165                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.641984                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             1081015670                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            1080134172                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         737930727                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         870335571                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.636737                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.847869                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     81016865                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1239889                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1674861                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    644926906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.624725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.653865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    324327022     50.29%     50.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    163215795     25.31%     75.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     39817474      6.17%     81.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     13246887      2.05%     83.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     10559102      1.64%     85.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      5252347      0.81%     86.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      4034239      0.63%     86.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3258706      0.51%     87.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     81215334     12.59%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    644926906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1047828595                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     1047828595                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              429834821                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             293137630                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              495961                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          120105081                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            5420066                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1022766573                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      6607287                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      81215334                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1692544552                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          2269078195                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  121832                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3637832                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1038111043                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1038111043                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    1038111043                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.635704                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.635704                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.573059                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.573059                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1531300816                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       819063479                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           6236480                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2993368                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         2979645                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         991924                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     72028                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8160.308796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    21085700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     80032                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    263.465864                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1323.254780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    91.636074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6745.279300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.108973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.029669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.161530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.011186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.823398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12997176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                12997179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          8126242                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               8126242                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3316829                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3316829                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      16314005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 16314008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     16314005                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                16314008                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        41219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 42161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        37887                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               37887                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        79106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  80048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          942                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        79106                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 80048                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64401250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2605262000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2669663250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2729557750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2729557750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64401250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5334819750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5399221000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64401250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5334819750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5399221000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13038395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            13039340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8126242                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           8126242                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3354716                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3354716                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16393111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             16394056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16393111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            16394056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.003233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011294                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.011294                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.004883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.004883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68366.507431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63205.366457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63320.681435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72044.705308                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72044.705308                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68366.507431                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67438.876318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67449.792624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68366.507431                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67438.876318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67449.792624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                36619                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     36619                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            42161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        37887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          37887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        79106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             80048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        79106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            80048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53591750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2131919000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2185510750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2294392250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2294392250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53591750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4426311250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4479903000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53591750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4426311250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4479903000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.004883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.004883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56891.454352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51721.754531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51837.260739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60558.826246                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60558.826246                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56891.454352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55954.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55965.208375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56891.454352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55954.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55965.208375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  4755963822                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           13039340                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13039339                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          8126242                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3354716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3354716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     40912464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     40914353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side   1569238592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                1569299008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1569299008                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20386391000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1645499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       24608832750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               621                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           506.022646                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           131945796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          116457.013239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      329962666250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   467.897167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    38.125479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.913862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.074464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131942581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       131942581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131942581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        131942581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131942581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       131942581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99091499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99091499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99091499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99091499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99091499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99091499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    131944062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    131944062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    131944062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    131944062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    131944062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    131944062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66908.507090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66908.507090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66908.507090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66908.507090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66908.507090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66908.507090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          536                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          536                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65378501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65378501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65378501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65378501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65378501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65378501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69183.598942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69183.598942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69183.598942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69183.598942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69183.598942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69183.598942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16392685                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           501.511491                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           321948179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16393189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             19.639143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   501.507756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.003734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.979507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    196154438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       196154438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    124809630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      124809630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       487508                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       487508                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       495961                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       495961                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    320964068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        320964068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    320964068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       320964068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     29194657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      29194657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11391600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     11391600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8454                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8454                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     40586257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       40586257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     40586257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      40586257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 322140296250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 322140296250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 162746671611                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 162746671611                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114411000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    114411000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 484886967861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 484886967861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 484886967861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 484886967861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    225349095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225349095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    136201230                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    136201230                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       495962                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       495962                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       495961                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       495961                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    361550325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    361550325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    361550325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    361550325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.129553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.129553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083638                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.083638                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017046                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.017046                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.112256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.112256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.112256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.112256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11034.220962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11034.220962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14286.550758                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14286.550758                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13533.356991                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13533.356991                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11947.072820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11947.072820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11947.072820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11947.072820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1176576                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            143202                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.216198                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8126242                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8126242                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16155921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     16155921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8037228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      8037228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         8451                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         8451                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     24193149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     24193149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     24193149                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     24193149                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13038736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13038736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3354372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3354372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16393108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16393108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16393108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16393108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 149816945500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 149816945500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40844718498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40844718498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       108750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       108750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 190661663998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 190661663998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 190661663998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 190661663998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024628                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024628                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11490.143331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11490.143331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12176.561961                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12176.561961                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        36250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        36250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11630.598908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11630.598908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11630.598908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11630.598908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
