
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.727016                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                727016352000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               727018063000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  63830                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    63830                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               20284689                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750248                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 35840.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287713885                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287713885                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        36288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       730688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               766976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        36288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           36288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       113728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            113728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 11984                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1777                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1777                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        49914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      1005050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1054964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49914                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              49914                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            156431                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 156431                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            156431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        49914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      1005050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1211395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         11984                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1777                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          13761                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       766976                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    113728                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 766976                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 113728                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        5                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   863                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   529                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   523                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   676                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   844                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   575                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   888                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1318                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1144                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   662                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  551                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  584                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  591                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  708                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  984                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   130                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    27                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    24                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    22                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   181                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   423                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   334                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   136                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    9                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   42                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   29                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   25                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  141                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  246                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    727016105500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   11984                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1777                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1588.405797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     344.117140                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2791.836782                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            209     37.86%     37.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           47      8.51%     46.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           31      5.62%     51.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           18      3.26%     55.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           13      2.36%     57.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           15      2.72%     60.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           10      1.81%     62.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           10      1.81%     63.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            3      0.54%     64.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            5      0.91%     65.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            2      0.36%     65.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            3      0.54%     66.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           14      2.54%     68.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            8      1.45%     70.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            4      0.72%     71.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            9      1.63%     72.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            5      0.91%     73.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            2      0.36%     73.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            3      0.54%     74.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            6      1.09%     75.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            5      0.91%     76.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            5      0.91%     77.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            5      0.91%     78.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            4      0.72%     78.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            1      0.18%     79.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            3      0.54%     79.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            1      0.18%     79.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.18%     80.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            1      0.18%     80.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.36%     80.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            1      0.18%     80.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            3      0.54%     81.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.18%     81.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            1      0.18%     81.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.36%     82.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            1      0.18%     82.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            3      0.54%     82.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.18%     82.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.18%     83.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.18%     83.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.18%     83.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.18%     83.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.36%     84.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            2      0.36%     84.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.18%     84.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.18%     84.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.18%     84.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.18%     85.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.18%     85.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.18%     85.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.18%     85.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.18%     85.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.18%     86.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.18%     86.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            1      0.18%     86.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            1      0.18%     86.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.18%     86.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.36%     87.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.18%     87.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.18%     87.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.18%     87.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.18%     87.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.18%     88.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.18%     88.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.18%     88.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.54%     88.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           56     10.14%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10624-10625            1      0.18%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10688-10689            1      0.18%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12288-12289            1      0.18%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13376-13377            1      0.18%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13569            1      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       34122500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 263142500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     59895000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   169125000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2848.53                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14118.46                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21966.98                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.05                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.05                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.16                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.23                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11639                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1559                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  87.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     52831633.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1211395                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6125                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6125                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1777                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5859                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5859                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        25745                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         25745                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       880704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     880704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 880704                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            13988500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           56873500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77587313                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72567200                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4205451                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77300811                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        77020743                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.637691                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          266341                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           79                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1101033920                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15146                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1101049066                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441364793                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1542                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441366335                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1542398713                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16688                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1542415401                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217840624                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               128                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217840752                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1454032704                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    218152540                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2570350807                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77587313                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77287084                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357272492                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33164740                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      849637886                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           86                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3375                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217840624                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         31558                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1453950185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.767840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.164024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1096677693     75.43%     75.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4476585      0.31%     75.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4247764      0.29%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            65850      0.00%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8698350      0.60%     76.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           563573      0.04%     76.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63502017      4.37%     81.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67189047      4.62%     85.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208529306     14.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1453950185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.053360                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.767739                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        340899055                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     730874899                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         134720319                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     218572404                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28883507                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4753239                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           310                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2538550536                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           964                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28883507                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        352516809                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       112053271                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15946071                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341933616                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     602616910                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2520588642                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            67                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          19797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     598387258                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1968083722                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3599880662                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3594792129                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5088533                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1785507090                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182576632                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1052963                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         995795421                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1150125168                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470420698                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641380902                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    315768086                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2510141408                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          226                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2391144540                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9314                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    222417488                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    194523099                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1453950185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.644585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    295896205     20.35%     20.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    405071639     27.86%     48.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    425122253     29.24%     77.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    184746945     12.71%     90.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    134592104      9.26%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8201104      0.56%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34826      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       276204      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8905      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1453950185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14690      0.37%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          201      0.01%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             4      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         284806      7.18%      7.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3666684     92.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       523307      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     718556745     30.05%     30.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118515728      4.96%     35.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1334289      0.06%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2225      0.00%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       790697      0.03%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11614      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262399      0.01%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1109501984     46.40%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441645552     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2391144540                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.644492                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3966385                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6232228555                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2728638219                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2377751907                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7986409                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      3999803                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3992978                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2390594311                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3993307                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439416843                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106665067                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         5751                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        79715                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41190386                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          867                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28883507                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          555135                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         20690                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2510426593                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7457                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1150125168                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470420698                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          138                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           6122                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          7975                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        79715                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4201490                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4651                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4206141                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2382392433                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1101049078                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8752107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                284959                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1542415463                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         73014392                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441366385                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.638472                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2381798881                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2381744885                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1812763884                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1813760018                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.638027                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999451                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    222436796                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4205155                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1425066678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.605529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.318133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    588325423     41.28%     41.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    457156943     32.08%     73.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    132993578      9.33%     82.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9189445      0.64%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34998      0.00%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62663030      4.40%     87.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     59246646      4.16%     91.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     55313896      3.88%     95.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     60142719      4.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1425066678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287986476                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287986476                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472690413                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043460101                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72714832                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3988665                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2281376656                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      60142719                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3875344046                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5049733086                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    2117                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                   82519                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287710494                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287710494                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287710494                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.635584                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.635584                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.573356                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.573356                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3387691528                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1864215820                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2703530                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2671922                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          546419                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         261806                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4089                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8047.337088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       37170                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.063546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5551.824934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    41.811372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2453.601395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.079277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.020110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.677713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.005104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.299512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.982341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   16685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            26299                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 26299                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6803                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  6803                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         23488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    23488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        23488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   23488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5859                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5859                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  11985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11417                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 11985                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41259000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    343876500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       385135500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    375242000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     375242000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41259000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    719118500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        760377500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41259000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    719118500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       760377500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               22811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        26299                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             26299                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        12662                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             12662                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                35473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               35473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.249876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.268555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.462723                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.462723                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.327088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.337863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.327088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.337863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72639.084507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61870.546959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62869.000979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64045.400239                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64045.400239                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72639.084507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62986.642726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63444.096788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72639.084507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62986.642726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63444.096788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1777                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1777                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5859                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5859                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             11985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            11985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34747000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    280009500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    314756500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    307906000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    307906000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34747000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    587915500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    622662500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34747000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    587915500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    622662500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.249876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.268555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.462723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.462723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.327088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.337863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.327088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.337863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61174.295775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50379.543001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51380.427685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52552.654037                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52552.654037                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61174.295775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51494.744679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51953.483521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61174.295775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51494.744679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51953.483521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                     5437765                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              22811                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             22810                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            26299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            12662                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           12662                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side        96109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                        97244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        36288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      3917056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   3953344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               3953344                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           57185000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            988000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          55163500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               256                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           460.976294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217842995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               756                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          288152.109788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   337.967930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   123.008364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.660094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.240251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217839780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217839780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217839780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217839780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217839780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217839780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58875000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58875000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58875000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     58875000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58875000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     58875000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217840624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217840624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217840624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217840624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217840624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217840624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69757.109005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69757.109005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69757.109005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69757.109005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69757.109005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69757.109005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          276                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          276                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41828500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41828500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41828500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41828500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41828500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41828500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73641.725352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73641.725352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73641.725352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73641.725352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73641.725352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73641.725352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             34481                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           501.956167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1090761356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             34983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          31179.754624                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   501.954472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.980380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    661563094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       661563094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    429197472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      429197472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090760566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1090760566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090760566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1090760566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        53174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         53174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        32763                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        32763                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        85937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          85937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        85937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         85937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2376912250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2376912250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1744904613                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1744904613                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4121816863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4121816863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4121816863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4121816863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661616268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661616268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429230235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429230235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090846503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090846503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090846503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090846503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000076                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44700.647873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44700.647873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53258.389433                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53258.389433                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47963.238919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47963.238919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47963.238919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47963.238919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6390                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               228                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.026316                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        26299                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             26299                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        30927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        30927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        20108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        20108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        51035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        51035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        51035                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        51035                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        34902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        34902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        34902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    533834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    533834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    456209500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    456209500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    990043500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    990043500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    990043500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    990043500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23995.774711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23995.774711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36049.743185                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36049.743185                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28366.383015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28366.383015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28366.383015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28366.383015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
