
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.187723                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                187722601500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               187724312000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  55277                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    55277                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               12225740                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750380                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15354.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   848760973                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     848760973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     31491712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             31554176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     15739520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          15739520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       492058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                493034                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          245930                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               245930                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       332746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    167756635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               168089382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       332746                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             332746                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          83844566                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               83844566                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          83844566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       332746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    167756635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              251933947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        493035                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       245930                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         738965                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     31554176                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  15739520                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               31554176                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               15739520                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       14                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 30891                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 30791                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 30865                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 30737                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 30763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 30770                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 30767                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 30810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 30747                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 30760                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                30765                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                30907                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                30922                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                30852                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                30771                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                30903                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 15368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 15407                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                15427                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                15399                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                15366                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    187722571500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  493035                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 245930                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    492468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     10688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        36664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1288.476544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     616.375289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1926.170045                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4322     11.79%     11.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3520      9.60%     21.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          569      1.55%     22.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          585      1.60%     24.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          597      1.63%     26.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          687      1.87%     28.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1874      5.11%     33.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513         3269      8.92%     42.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          377      1.03%     43.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          448      1.22%     44.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          338      0.92%     45.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          347      0.95%     46.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          338      0.92%     47.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          475      1.30%     48.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961         4551     12.41%     60.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         2528      6.90%     67.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          302      0.82%     68.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          340      0.93%     69.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          334      0.91%     70.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          323      0.88%     71.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          331      0.90%     72.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          495      1.35%     73.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         6284     17.14%     90.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          145      0.40%     91.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           50      0.14%     91.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           21      0.06%     91.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           22      0.06%     91.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           23      0.06%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            5      0.01%     91.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           20      0.05%     91.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           54      0.15%     91.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           50      0.14%     91.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           33      0.09%     91.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           17      0.05%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            7      0.02%     91.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           12      0.03%     91.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            3      0.01%     91.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           20      0.05%     91.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           10      0.03%     91.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            7      0.02%     92.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           11      0.03%     92.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           12      0.03%     92.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            9      0.02%     92.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            8      0.02%     92.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           17      0.05%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           33      0.09%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            5      0.01%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           10      0.03%     92.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            3      0.01%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.00%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            3      0.01%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            4      0.01%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            7      0.02%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            7      0.02%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            4      0.01%     92.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            7      0.02%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            5      0.01%     92.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            4      0.01%     92.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.01%     92.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           10      0.03%     92.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            6      0.02%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            8      0.02%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           24      0.07%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           18      0.05%     92.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           33      0.09%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           11      0.03%     92.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           16      0.04%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           19      0.05%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            7      0.02%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           21      0.06%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            6      0.02%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           14      0.04%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            4      0.01%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           10      0.03%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            7      0.02%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865           12      0.03%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            6      0.02%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            8      0.02%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            5      0.01%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            6      0.02%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.00%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            5      0.01%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            2      0.01%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            5      0.01%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            3      0.01%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            3      0.01%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.01%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.00%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            2      0.01%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761           11      0.03%     93.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.01%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            6      0.02%     93.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            3      0.01%     93.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            8      0.02%     93.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           15      0.04%     93.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            4      0.01%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           28      0.08%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            9      0.02%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337           44      0.12%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            6      0.02%     93.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.00%     93.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            9      0.02%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            3      0.01%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            5      0.01%     93.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            6      0.02%     93.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785           11      0.03%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            5      0.01%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            3      0.01%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            9      0.02%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            9      0.02%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105           12      0.03%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            5      0.01%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            7      0.02%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297           14      0.04%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            7      0.02%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            8      0.02%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            6      0.02%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            7      0.02%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            5      0.01%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            4      0.01%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           11      0.03%     93.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            9      0.02%     93.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           12      0.03%     94.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           18      0.05%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           16      0.04%     94.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           16      0.04%     94.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           27      0.07%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         2123      5.79%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          36664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      355060750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10031477000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2465105000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  7211311250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         720.17                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14626.78                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20346.96                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         168.09                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          83.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 168.09                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  83.84                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.30                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     470976                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    231297                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       254034.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    251933606                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              247029                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             247027                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            245930                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            246006                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           246006                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side      1231998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                       1231998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     47293632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   47293632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               47293632                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1353202500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2338705500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        28925009                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     10001756                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        13753                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     18383912                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        18372663                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.938811                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         9452902                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          103                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            242287438                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               4836                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        242292274                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            81105302                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2330                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        81107632                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            323392740                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               7166                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        323399906                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            77427094                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                90                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        77427184                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  503                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                375445203                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     77472011                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              878538540                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            28925009                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     27825565                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             128311839                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          176449                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      137699506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1488                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           48                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          77427094                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          7769                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    343627786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.556657                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.563515                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        215315947     62.66%     62.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4473946      1.30%     63.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          8511052      2.48%     66.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4221223      1.23%     67.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5093150      1.48%     69.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          2643087      0.77%     69.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6236865      1.82%     71.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3690532      1.07%     72.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         93441984     27.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    343627786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.077042                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.339991                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        105587478                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     109600133                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         105021638                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      23276178                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         142358                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      9466991                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           486                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      878438098                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1546                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         142358                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        112546842                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        49089721                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       367965                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         120933042                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      60547857                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      878300920                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          79936                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      55611035                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    749299886                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1228690030                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    855207949                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    373482081                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     748287981                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          1011905                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         5816                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         3725                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         177460581                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    242371177                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     81171049                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     37970812                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3689138                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          849796575                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         6869                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         849355933                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        11214                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1026047                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       835099                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          107                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    343627786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.471732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.584610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     38344961     11.16%     11.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     63712586     18.54%     29.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     81462712     23.71%     53.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     69602913     20.26%     73.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     51675004     15.04%     88.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     27891433      8.12%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      9204196      2.68%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1345021      0.39%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       388960      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    343627786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          104047      0.95%      0.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          3459      0.03%      0.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt       1277956     11.64%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       697832      6.36%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4145479     37.77%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       4745982     43.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          393      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     299353990     35.24%     35.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     18887285      2.22%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    127962248     15.07%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     48252010      5.68%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     28320087      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      3147010      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    242321601     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     81111306      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      849355933                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.262263                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            10974755                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012921                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1526746710                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    588465330                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    587025076                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    526578911                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    262379219                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    262232793                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      595994215                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       264336080                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     32440025                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       320621                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          784                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        15226                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       124135                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1552                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         142358                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        14449812                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        756572                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    878149871                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7456                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     242371177                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     81171049                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         3720                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         146896                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         39563                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        15226                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10266                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4257                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        14523                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     849308962                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     242292280                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        46971                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              28346427                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            323399913                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         28897137                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           81107633                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.262138                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              849280800                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             849257869                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         722780983                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         818333449                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.262002                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.883235                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       972235                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         6762                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        13280                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    343485428                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.553502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.274683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    139182493     40.52%     40.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     86746301     25.25%     65.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11349695      3.30%     69.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6091040      1.77%     70.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5587480      1.63%     72.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3874841      1.13%     73.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5841522      1.70%     75.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      5897702      1.72%     77.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     78914354     22.97%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    343485428                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    877090814                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      877090814                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              323097470                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             242050556                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                3127                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           28869639                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          262150420                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         689356941                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      9447851                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      78914354                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1142580043                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1756268967                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  502834                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                31817417                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           848757582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             848757582                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     848757582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.442347                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.442347                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.260670                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.260670                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        949712057                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       502227310                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         277944086                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        246496755                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         8396953                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           6255                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    485138                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8111.858055                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      976082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    493314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.978622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5596.783851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     7.650569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2506.442194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.779024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.202417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.683201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.305962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.990217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           74                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       556871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  556945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           665598                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                665598                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       260998                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                260998                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            74                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        817869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   817943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           74                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       817869                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  817943                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                247029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246006                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              246006                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       492059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 493035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       492059                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                493035                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66991000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15070087750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15137078750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15348701250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   15348701250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66991000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30418789000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      30485780000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66991000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30418789000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     30485780000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       802924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              803974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       665598                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            665598                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       507004                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            507004                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1309928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1310978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1309928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1310978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.306446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.307260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.485215                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.485215                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.375638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.376082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.375638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.376082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68638.319672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61247.323747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61276.525226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62391.572767                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62391.572767                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68638.319672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61819.393609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61832.892188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68638.319672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61819.393609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61832.892188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               245930                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    245930                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           247029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246006                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         246006                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            493035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           493035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55779000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12242865250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12298644250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12523658750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12523658750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55779000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24766524000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24822303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55779000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24766524000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24822303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.306446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.307260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.485215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.485215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.375638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.376082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.375638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.376082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57150.614754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49757.024909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49786.236636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50907.940253                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50907.940253                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57150.614754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50332.427615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50345.924732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57150.614754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50332.427615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50345.924732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   673870567                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             803974                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            803972                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           665598                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           507004                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          507004                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      3285452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      3287552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        67200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    126433536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 126500736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             126500736                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1653886000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1813000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2084707000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               723                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.825171                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            77428834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1233                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          62797.107867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   498.581275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    11.243897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.973792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.021961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77425633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        77425633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77425633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         77425633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77425633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        77425633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1461                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1461                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94617249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94617249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94617249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94617249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94617249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94617249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77427094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77427094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77427094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     77427094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77427094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     77427094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64761.977413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64761.977413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64761.977413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64761.977413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64761.977413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64761.977413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          314                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    39.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          411                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          411                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68794000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68794000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68794000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68794000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68794000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68794000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65518.095238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65518.095238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65518.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65518.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65518.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65518.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1309840                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           165.984380                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           286115636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1310006                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            218.407882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   165.970799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.013581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.324162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.324188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    206718181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       206718181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     79392243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       79392243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1584                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1584                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    286110424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        286110424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    286110424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       286110424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3124585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       3124585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1651544                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1651544                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1543                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1543                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4776129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4776129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4776129                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4776129                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75876247750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  75876247750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54004894203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  54004894203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21244500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     21244500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 129881141953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 129881141953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 129881141953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 129881141953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209842766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209842766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     81043787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     81043787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290886553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    290886553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290886553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    290886553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020378                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020378                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.493444                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.493444                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24283.624145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24283.624145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32699.639975                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32699.639975                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13768.308490                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13768.308490                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27193.809454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27193.809454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27193.809454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27193.809454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        11307                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               694                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.292507                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       665598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            665598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2320499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      2320499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1145703                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1145703                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3466202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3466202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3466202                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3466202                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       804086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       804086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       505841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       505841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1309927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1309927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1309927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1309927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  21492801000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21492801000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18477359250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18477359250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        61750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39970160250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39970160250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39970160250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39970160250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006242                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006242                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26729.480429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26729.480429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36527.998422                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36527.998422                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30513.273068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30513.273068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30513.273068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30513.273068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
