
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.330781                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                330780512000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               330782223000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  35158                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    35158                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11230289                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29454.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1035541897                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1035541897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        60608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      5124992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5185600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        60608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           60608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2377600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2377600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          947                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        80078                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 81025                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           37150                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                37150                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       183227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     15493633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15676861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       183227                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             183227                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           7187848                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                7187848                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           7187848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       183227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     15493633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               22864709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         81025                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        37150                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         118175                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      5185600                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2377600                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                5185600                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2377600                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       25                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  5024                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4917                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4881                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  5044                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  5376                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  5243                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  5002                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4872                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  5150                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  5065                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 5179                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 5014                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 5130                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 5083                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 5034                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4986                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2297                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2250                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2227                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2314                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2305                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2325                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2250                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2334                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2292                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2365                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2370                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2364                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    330780193000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   81025                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  37150                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     61740                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12321                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      613.446311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     256.311744                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1183.306926                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           3466     28.13%     28.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1666     13.52%     41.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1089      8.84%     50.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          922      7.48%     57.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          703      5.71%     63.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          511      4.15%     67.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          440      3.57%     71.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          297      2.41%     73.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          169      1.37%     75.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          170      1.38%     76.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          149      1.21%     77.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          131      1.06%     78.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           97      0.79%     79.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           89      0.72%     80.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          115      0.93%     81.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          171      1.39%     82.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          119      0.97%     83.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          141      1.14%     84.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           87      0.71%     85.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          201      1.63%     87.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           77      0.62%     87.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           59      0.48%     88.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          428      3.47%     91.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          360      2.92%     94.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           30      0.24%     94.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           27      0.22%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           20      0.16%     95.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           17      0.14%     95.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           10      0.08%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           15      0.12%     95.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            8      0.06%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            9      0.07%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           15      0.12%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           12      0.10%     95.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            8      0.06%     96.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            9      0.07%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            6      0.05%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            6      0.05%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           12      0.10%     96.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            9      0.07%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            6      0.05%     96.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            6      0.05%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            7      0.06%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           11      0.09%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            8      0.06%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            3      0.02%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.02%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           16      0.13%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            7      0.06%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            7      0.06%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            4      0.03%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            6      0.05%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            3      0.02%     97.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            2      0.02%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            3      0.02%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            5      0.04%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            6      0.05%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            6      0.05%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.02%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            4      0.03%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            3      0.02%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            6      0.05%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            3      0.02%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            2      0.02%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            6      0.05%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            5      0.04%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            2      0.02%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            6      0.05%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            3      0.02%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            3      0.02%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            6      0.05%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            5      0.04%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            4      0.03%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           12      0.10%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            4      0.03%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            3      0.02%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            6      0.05%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            4      0.03%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            8      0.06%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            6      0.05%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            6      0.05%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            2      0.02%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.02%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            4      0.03%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            4      0.03%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.02%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.01%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.02%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.01%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            5      0.04%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            5      0.04%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.02%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            3      0.02%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.02%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.01%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            3      0.02%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.02%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.02%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.01%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            3      0.02%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            2      0.02%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            5      0.04%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.01%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.01%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            3      0.02%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.02%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            2      0.02%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            4      0.03%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            3      0.02%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.02%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.01%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.01%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.02%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            2      0.02%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            4      0.03%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.01%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            4      0.03%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            2      0.02%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.02%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            2      0.02%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            1      0.01%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            6      0.05%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          121      0.98%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            1      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            2      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8705            1      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8896-8897            1      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9856-9857            1      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9920-9921            1      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10112-10113            1      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10241            1      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10368-10369            2      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12321                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      679241500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2090576500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    405000000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  1006335000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8385.70                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12423.89                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25809.59                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          15.68                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           7.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  15.68                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   7.19                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.03                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      75527                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     30297                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  81.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      2799070.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     22864709                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               42777                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              42777                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             37150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             38248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            38248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       199200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        199200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      7563200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    7563200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                7563200                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           207687500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          384237500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       129100603                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    103247967                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      1596441                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     86777374                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        80404508                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     92.656074                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         7004616                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         7617                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            308077376                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1348                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        308078724                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           140128960                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4689                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       140133649                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            448206336                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               6037                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        448212373                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           130213761                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               538                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       130214299                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               247624                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                661563667                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    131255071                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             1139281549                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           129100603                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     87409124                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             199747608                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        12348325                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      315453131                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           96                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        11859                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         130213761                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        576736                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    656906904                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.734312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.952770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        457159296     69.59%     69.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         13831524      2.11%     71.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         15567853      2.37%     74.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         20863181      3.18%     77.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         15596949      2.37%     79.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         19732324      3.00%     82.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         14603345      2.22%     84.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         13364166      2.03%     86.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         86188266     13.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    656906904                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.195145                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.722104                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        161240706                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     286595451                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         174337668                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      24313191                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       10419887                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     14741468                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred         19294                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     1132863593                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1170                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       10419887                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        178272102                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        64554622                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    112910583                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         180742476                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     110007233                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     1125367940                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           490                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       27464925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      69251512                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    848582436                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1587152316                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1576747164                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10405152                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     785430930                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         63151506                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3065264                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       742989                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         231174290                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    314536812                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    144455854                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    101336553                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     35146265                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         1106755712                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1238287                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        1078536131                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       909136                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     70810700                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     50693500                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           98                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    656906904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.641840                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.716630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    215226980     32.76%     32.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    157890301     24.04%     56.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    112116091     17.07%     73.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     76841387     11.70%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     45801002      6.97%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     26524089      4.04%     96.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     11072136      1.69%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7847126      1.19%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3587792      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    656906904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         1925059     23.50%     23.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           6680      0.08%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            29      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           39      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     23.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4934702     60.23%     83.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1325919     16.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       247606      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     613679808     56.90%     56.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     11468546      1.06%     57.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1610135      0.15%     58.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       456676      0.04%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       384690      0.04%     58.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        81621      0.01%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       101840      0.01%     58.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        77463      0.01%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    309884726     28.73%     86.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    140543020     13.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     1078536131                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.630283                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             8192428                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007596                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   2810892572                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1172083452                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1067347801                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     12188158                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      7023293                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5905942                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1080238144                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         6242809                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     83241932                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     22301224                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       186829                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       311856                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      8259477                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       577459                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        66696                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       10419887                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        17929922                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       4984945                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1118493156                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       120281                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     314536812                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    144455854                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       742973                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        3779805                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         26151                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       311856                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181873                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       435590                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      1617463                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    1076451520                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     308078726                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2084611                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              10499157                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            448212375                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        123152728                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          140133649                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.627132                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             1074128053                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            1073253743                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         733822032                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         865950437                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.622298                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.847418                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     73889102                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1238189                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1577192                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    646487017                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.616789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.654836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    327984657     50.73%     50.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    161833283     25.03%     75.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     39363667      6.09%     81.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     13223875      2.05%     83.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     10168520      1.57%     85.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      5315697      0.82%     86.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3896745      0.60%     86.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3236667      0.50%     87.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     81463906     12.60%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    646487017                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1045233194                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     1045233194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              428431965                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             292235588                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              495281                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          119990509                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            5362008                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1020247220                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      6595019                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      81463906                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1684132927                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          2248685775                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  267521                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4656763                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1035538506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1035538506                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    1035538506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.638860                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.638860                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.565289                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.565289                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1521480197                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       814626096                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           6178628                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2948199                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         2975565                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         990564                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     73137                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8165.007983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    21335130                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     81231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    262.647635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               34765189000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1345.577881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    92.120447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6727.173396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.107327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.028931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.164255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.011245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.821188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13251619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                13251622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          8121661                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               8121661                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3279858                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3279858                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      16531477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 16531480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     16531477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                16531480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        41830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 42778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        38248                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               38248                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        80078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  81026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          948                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        80078                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 81026                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65215500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2636424000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2701639500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2750057000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2750057000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65215500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5386481000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5451696500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65215500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5386481000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5451696500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13293449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            13294400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8121661                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           8121661                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3318106                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3318106                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16611555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             16612506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16611555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            16612506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.003218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011527                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.011527                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.004877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.004877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68792.721519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63027.109730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63154.881014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71900.674545                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71900.674545                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68792.721519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67265.428707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67283.297954                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68792.721519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67265.428707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67283.297954                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                37150                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     37150                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            42778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        38248                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          38248                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        80078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             81026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        80078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            81026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54336500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2156077000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2210413500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2310758000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2310758000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54336500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4466835000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4521171500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54336500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4466835000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4521171500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.004877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.004877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57316.983122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51543.796318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51671.735472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60415.132817                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.132817                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57316.983122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55781.050975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55799.021302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57316.983122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55781.050975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55799.021302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  4785610296                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           13294400                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13294399                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          8121661                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3318106                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3318106                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     41344771                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     41346672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side   1582925824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                1582986624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1582986624                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20488744500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1656249                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       24936709250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               627                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           505.922379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           130215492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          114324.400351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      330778695750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   469.436307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    36.486072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.916868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.071262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130212277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       130212277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130212277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        130212277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130212277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       130212277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98532999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98532999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98532999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98532999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98532999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98532999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    130213761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    130213761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    130213761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    130213761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    130213761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    130213761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66396.899596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66396.899596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66396.899596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66396.899596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66396.899596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66396.899596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          533                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          533                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66203251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66203251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66203251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66203251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66203251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66203251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69614.354364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69614.354364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69614.354364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69614.354364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69614.354364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69614.354364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16611412                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           220.777007                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           319199957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16611633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             19.215447                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   220.773282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.003725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.431198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.431205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    193977312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       193977312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    124239997                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      124239997                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       486725                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       486725                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       495281                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       495281                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    318217309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        318217309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    318217309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       318217309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     29733920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      29733920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11461099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     11461099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8557                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8557                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     41195019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       41195019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     41195019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      41195019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 329723853000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 329723853000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 163131494001                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 163131494001                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115829000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    115829000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 492855347001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 492855347001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 492855347001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 492855347001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    223711232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    223711232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    135701096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    135701096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       495282                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       495282                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       495281                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       495281                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    359412328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    359412328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    359412328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    359412328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.132912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.132912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084458                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.084458                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017277                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.017277                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.114618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.114618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.114618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.114618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11089.148454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11089.148454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14233.494886                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14233.494886                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13536.169218                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13536.169218                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11963.954841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11963.954841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11963.954841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11963.954841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       935727                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             53047                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.639584                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8121661                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8121661                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16440135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     16440135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8143332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      8143332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         8554                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         8554                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     24583467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     24583467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     24583467                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     24583467                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13293785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13293785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3317767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3317767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16611552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16611552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16611552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16611552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 152645875000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 152645875000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40338654998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40338654998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       108750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       108750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 192984529998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 192984529998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 192984529998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 192984529998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024449                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024449                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11482.499153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11482.499153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12158.374894                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12158.374894                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        36250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        36250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11617.489443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11617.489443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11617.489443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11617.489443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
