
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.044928                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 44927536000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                44929247000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26872                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    26872                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9641693                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750424                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4659.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   125217367                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125217367                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      3694336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3743744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1365248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1365248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        57724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 58496                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           21332                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                21332                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1099726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     82228769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                83328496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1099726                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1099726                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          30387778                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               30387778                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          30387778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1099726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     82228769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              113716274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         58496                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        21332                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          79828                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      3743744                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1365248                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                3743744                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1365248                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       23                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  3767                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  3640                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3788                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  3544                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  3621                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  3478                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  3647                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  3418                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  3581                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  3538                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 3760                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 3761                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 3839                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 3707                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 3669                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 3715                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1328                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1336                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1343                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1238                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1209                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1246                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1423                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1276                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1375                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1387                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1382                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1359                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1350                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1351                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1369                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     44927255500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   58496                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  21332                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     34521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     12348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      7179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        17513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      291.225033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     128.624454                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     774.851391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           9542     54.49%     54.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         2533     14.46%     68.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1528      8.72%     77.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          938      5.36%     83.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          497      2.84%     85.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          381      2.18%     88.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          233      1.33%     89.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          154      0.88%     90.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          125      0.71%     90.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           88      0.50%     91.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           92      0.53%     91.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          109      0.62%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           82      0.47%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           66      0.38%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           51      0.29%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           74      0.42%     94.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           37      0.21%     94.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           35      0.20%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           23      0.13%     94.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          113      0.65%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           29      0.17%     95.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           19      0.11%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          162      0.93%     96.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          194      1.11%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           14      0.08%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           10      0.06%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           12      0.07%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           16      0.09%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            8      0.05%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            7      0.04%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            5      0.03%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            9      0.05%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           12      0.07%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            5      0.03%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           10      0.06%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            7      0.04%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            7      0.04%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            3      0.02%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            7      0.04%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            8      0.05%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            3      0.02%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            5      0.03%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            4      0.02%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            5      0.03%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            9      0.05%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            7      0.04%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            5      0.03%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           10      0.06%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            6      0.03%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            3      0.02%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            6      0.03%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            5      0.03%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            4      0.02%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            3      0.02%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            4      0.02%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            4      0.02%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            4      0.02%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            3      0.02%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            4      0.02%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            2      0.01%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            3      0.02%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            3      0.02%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            2      0.01%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            2      0.01%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.01%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            2      0.01%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            1      0.01%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            3      0.02%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            2      0.01%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.01%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            2      0.01%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            5      0.03%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            2      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            1      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            3      0.02%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            3      0.02%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            1      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            3      0.02%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            3      0.02%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            3      0.02%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            3      0.02%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            2      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            3      0.02%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            1      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            2      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            1      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            4      0.02%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            1      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            7      0.04%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           69      0.39%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9088-9089            1      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          17513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      853243000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2037323000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    292365000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   891715000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14592.09                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    15250.03                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  34842.12                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          83.33                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          30.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  83.33                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  30.39                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.90                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      47467                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     14814                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   81.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  69.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       562800.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    113716274                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               33374                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              33374                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             21332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             25122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            25122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       138324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        138324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      5108992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    5108992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                5108992                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           125242000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          277388000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         3206633                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3115818                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       222340                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1299962                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1289291                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.179130                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           16698                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           79                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             57282738                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1140                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         57283878                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            17545608                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4271                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        17549879                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             74828346                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5411                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         74833757                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            10446551                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               130                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        10446681                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 89855072                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     10712969                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              141653949                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             3206633                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1305989                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              18581204                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         2101291                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       55899837                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3406                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          10446551                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         33557                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     87009475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.628029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.188560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         68428271     78.64%     78.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           424200      0.49%     79.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           332987      0.38%     79.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            90357      0.10%     79.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            83664      0.10%     79.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            51271      0.06%     79.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            24121      0.03%     79.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1039865      1.20%     81.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         16534739     19.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     87009475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.035687                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.576471                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         18317083                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      48436394                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          10855823                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       7588521                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1811653                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        71534                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           328                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      140598940                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1036                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1811653                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         20305423                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        14370760                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1890250                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          16159647                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      32471741                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      139315222                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          2314                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         490392                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      31308761                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    117473894                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     203115053                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    201716900                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1398153                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     105476493                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11997401                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        72779                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          149                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          57223156                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     59845364                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     18508594                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     36671598                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      8075920                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          138287988                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          252                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         131796919                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15721                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12970191                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10531937                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           62                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     87009475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.514742                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.275322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20134668     23.14%     23.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30506142     35.06%     58.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17028053     19.57%     77.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     11881994     13.66%     91.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5919376      6.80%     98.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1345040      1.55%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       173907      0.20%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19817      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          478      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     87009475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             345      0.05%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             41      0.01%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.01%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         685284     97.62%     97.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         16282      2.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        27783      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      54560228     41.40%     41.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1531817      1.16%     42.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     42.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       371489      0.28%     42.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        34841      0.03%     42.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       125603      0.10%     42.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        26679      0.02%     43.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        28170      0.02%     43.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     43.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     43.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     43.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     43.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     43.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     43.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     43.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     43.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     43.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     57514902     43.64%     86.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17575407     13.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      131796919                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.466772                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              701992                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005326                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    349615484                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150181082                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130350364                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1705542                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1140472                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       836175                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      131617708                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          853420                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     22473499                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5480713                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        13519                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        63715                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1425431                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        17557                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1811653                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          612766                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         31043                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138377302                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6743                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      59845364                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18508594                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          160                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           2200                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          4814                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        63715                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        82902                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       141242                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       224144                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     131495849                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      57283880                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       301070                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 89062                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             74833759                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2778933                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           17549879                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.463422                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              131335019                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             131186539                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         110006897                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         111215755                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.459979                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.989131                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13075148                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       222025                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     85197822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.470511                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.037587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27748768     32.57%     32.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     34327863     40.29%     72.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     12336287     14.48%     87.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1991301      2.34%     89.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1458397      1.71%     91.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       945086      1.11%     92.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       489262      0.57%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       391443      0.46%     93.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5509415      6.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     85197822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    125284351                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      125284351                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               71447814                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              54364651                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2626534                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             747337                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         124737104                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        16410                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       5509415                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            218033437                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           278533970                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   31664                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2845597                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           125213976                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             125213976                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     125213976                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.717612                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.717612                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.393510                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.393510                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        190616267                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       110315190                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            833847                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           664448                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           32151                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          14048                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     50585                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8142.195331                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       28856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     58570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.492675                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5492.073877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   108.202383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2540.929628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.791400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.198043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.670419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.013208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.310172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.993920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        26034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   26034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            27736                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 27736                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2081                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2081                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         28115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    28115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        28115                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   28115                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        32602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 33375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        25122                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               25122                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        57724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  58497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        57724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 58497                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52339250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2542256750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2594596000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1869926500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1869926500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52339250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4412183250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4464522500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52339250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4412183250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4464522500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               59409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        27736                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             27736                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        27203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             27203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        85839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                86612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        85839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               86612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.556007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.561784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.923501                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.923501                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.672468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.675391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.672468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.675391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67709.249677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77978.551929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77740.704120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74433.822944                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74433.822944                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67709.249677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76435.854237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76320.537805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67709.249677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76435.854237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76320.537805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                21332                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     21332                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        32602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            33375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        25122                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          25122                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        57724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             58497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        57724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            58497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43471750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2167985250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2211457000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1581297500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1581297500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43471750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3749282750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3792754500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43471750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3749282750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3792754500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.556007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.561784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.923501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.923501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.672468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.675391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.672468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.675391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56237.710220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66498.535366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66260.883895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62944.729719                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62944.729719                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56237.710220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64951.887430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64836.735217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56237.710220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64951.887430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64836.735217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   162889147                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              59409                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             59408                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            27736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            27203                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           27203                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       199414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       200959                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      7268800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   7318208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               7318208                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           84910000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1345750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         142717750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               450                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.991121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            10448612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          10872.645161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   396.287657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    88.703463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.773999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.173249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.947248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10445397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        10445397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10445397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         10445397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10445397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        10445397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     74964000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74964000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     74964000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     74964000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     74964000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     74964000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     10446551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10446551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     10446551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     10446551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     10446551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     10446551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64960.138648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64960.138648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64960.138648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64960.138648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64960.138648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64960.138648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          381                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          381                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53113750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53113750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53113750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53113750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53113750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53113750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68711.190168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68711.190168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68711.190168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68711.190168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68711.190168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68711.190168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             85494                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           422.553235                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            51553224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             85917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            600.035197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   422.525808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.027427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.825246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.825299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     34626878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        34626878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16925553                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16925553                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     51552431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         51552431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     51552431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        51552431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       169342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        169342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       157531                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       157531                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       326873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         326873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       326873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        326873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7275663500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7275663500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9974779790                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9974779790                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17250443290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17250443290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17250443290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17250443290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     34796220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34796220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17083084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17083084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51879304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     51879304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51879304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     51879304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009221                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009221                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42964.317771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42964.317771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63319.472294                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63319.472294                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52774.145586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52774.145586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52774.145586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52774.145586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       610310                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5684                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   107.373329                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        27736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             27736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       110706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       110706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       130331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       130331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       241037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       241037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       241037                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       241037                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        58636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        27200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        27200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        85836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        85836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        85836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        85836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2861320000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2861320000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1917971499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1917971499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4779291499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4779291499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4779291499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4779291499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001592                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001592                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48798.008050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48798.008050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70513.658051                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70513.658051                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55679.336164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55679.336164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55679.336164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55679.336164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
