
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.726814                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                726814380500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               726816091500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  70505                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    70505                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               22405622                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750244                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 32438.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287097435                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287097435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        35328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       735040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               770368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        35328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           35328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       116480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            116480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 12037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1820                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1820                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        48607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      1011317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1059924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        48607                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              48607                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            160261                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 160261                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            160261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        48607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      1011317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1220185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         12037                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1820                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          13857                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       770368                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    116480                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 770368                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 116480                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        1                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   892                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   529                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   523                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   683                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   845                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   576                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   856                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1313                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1174                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   661                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  551                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  596                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  599                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  706                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  993                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   170                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    34                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    24                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    23                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   148                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   419                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   342                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   135                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    9                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   52                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   37                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   25                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  139                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  255                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    726814170000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   12037                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1820                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1631.704251                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     343.414484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2867.411154                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            205     37.89%     37.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           51      9.43%     47.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           29      5.36%     52.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           19      3.51%     56.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           15      2.77%     58.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385            9      1.66%     60.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           11      2.03%     62.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            7      1.29%     63.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            5      0.92%     64.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            4      0.74%     65.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            3      0.55%     66.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            3      0.55%     66.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           12      2.22%     68.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            6      1.11%     70.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            7      1.29%     71.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            6      1.11%     72.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            4      0.74%     73.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            2      0.37%     73.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            2      0.37%     73.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            3      0.55%     74.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            7      1.29%     75.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            6      1.11%     76.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            3      0.55%     77.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            3      0.55%     78.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            2      0.37%     78.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            2      0.37%     78.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            2      0.37%     79.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            2      0.37%     79.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            1      0.18%     79.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            1      0.18%     79.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            1      0.18%     80.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.18%     80.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            1      0.18%     80.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.18%     80.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            1      0.18%     80.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.18%     80.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            1      0.18%     81.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            5      0.92%     82.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.18%     82.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            2      0.37%     82.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.37%     82.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            1      0.18%     83.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.18%     83.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.18%     83.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.18%     83.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.18%     83.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            2      0.37%     84.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            1      0.18%     84.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.37%     84.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            2      0.37%     85.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.18%     85.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.18%     85.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.18%     85.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.18%     85.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.37%     86.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            4      0.74%     87.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.18%     87.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.18%     87.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.18%     87.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.18%     87.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.74%     88.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           54      9.98%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8640-8641            1      0.18%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9152-9153            1      0.18%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10624-10625            1      0.18%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10753            2      0.37%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13376-13377            1      0.18%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13441            1      0.18%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13504-13505            1      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       33877000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 263333250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     60180000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   169276250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2814.64                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14064.16                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21878.80                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.06                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.06                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.16                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.10                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11701                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1611                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  88.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     52451047.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1220185                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1820                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5839                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5839                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        25894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         25894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       886848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     886848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 886848                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            14208500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           57120750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77509648                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72499761                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4196923                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77240400                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        76960416                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.637516                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          265683                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           73                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100796638                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15149                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1100811787                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441312742                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1543                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441314285                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1542109380                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16692                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1542126072                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217671944                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               127                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217672071                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1453628761                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    217976314                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2569069444                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77509648                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77226099                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357055545                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33077840                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      849699929                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           86                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3381                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217671944                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         26193                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1453548696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.767446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.163870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1096493151     75.44%     75.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4471427      0.31%     75.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4239343      0.29%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            20866      0.00%     76.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8691649      0.60%     76.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           532409      0.04%     76.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63499490      4.37%     81.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67171736      4.62%     85.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208428625     14.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1453548696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.053321                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.767349                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        340711069                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     730939916                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         134518230                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     218566336                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28813144                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4743937                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           306                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2537326343                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           956                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28813144                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        352319578                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       112094818                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15975171                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341735020                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     602610964                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2519414444                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            65                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          16842                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     598382979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967059210                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3598332690                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3593235733                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5096957                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1784969328                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182089882                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1054442                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         995761365                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1149838590                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470344917                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641264202                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    316040935                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509063285                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          227                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2390287470                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8806                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    221964384                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    194176203                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           48                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1453548696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.644450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    295804259     20.35%     20.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    405006960     27.86%     48.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    425038591     29.24%     77.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    184672639     12.70%     90.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    134547115      9.26%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8169285      0.56%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26668      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       274914      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8265      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1453548696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14580      0.37%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          201      0.01%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             4      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         279919      7.07%      7.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3665717     92.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       524295      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     717999090     30.04%     30.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118511703      4.96%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1336766      0.06%     35.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2227      0.00%     35.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       792182      0.03%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11615      0.00%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262893      0.01%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1109255776     46.41%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441590923     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2390287470                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.644359                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3960421                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6230091600                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2727091770                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2376921190                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      8001263                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4006269                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4000407                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2389722862                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         4000734                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439328895                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106544969                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2480                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        71011                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41155255                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          920                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28813144                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          578738                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         25009                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2509348463                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6212                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1149838590                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470344917                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          139                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           6087                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         11724                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        71011                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4196478                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          892                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4197370                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2381554064                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1100811789                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8733406                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                284951                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1542126090                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         72969959                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441314301                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.638351                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2380969270                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2380921597                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1812047656                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1813034724                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.637916                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999456                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    221974625                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4196629                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1424735552                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.605470                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.318086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    588217864     41.29%     41.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    457032284     32.08%     73.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    132957017      9.33%     82.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9186861      0.64%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        30939      0.00%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62656589      4.40%     87.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     59234675      4.16%     91.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     55305716      3.88%     95.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     60113607      4.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1424735552                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287370520                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287370520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472483283                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043293621                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72675806                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3996075                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2280760700                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      60113607                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3873963905                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5047505926                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    2599                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                   80065                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287094044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287094044                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287094044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.635579                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.635579                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.573369                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.573369                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3386603218                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1863475787                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2708488                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2676878                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          547407                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         262300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4142                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8056.420389                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       42079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12199                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.449381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5487.300909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    32.897729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2536.121680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.079089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.020983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.669837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.309585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.983450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        19446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   19446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            28516                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 28516                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7560                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  7560                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         27006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    27006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        27006                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   27006                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5839                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5839                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  12038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          553                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11485                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 12038                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40178750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    348203000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       388381750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    374421000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     374421000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40178750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    722624000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        762802750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40178750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    722624000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       762802750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        25092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               25645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        28516                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             28516                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        13399                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             13399                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        38491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                39044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        38491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               39044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.225012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.241724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.435779                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.435779                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.298381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.308319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.298381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.308319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72655.967450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61672.511513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62652.322955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64124.165097                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64124.165097                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72655.967450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62918.937745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63366.236086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72655.967450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62918.937745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63366.236086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1820                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1820                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5839                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5839                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             12038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            12038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     33837250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    283326000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    317163250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    307324000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    307324000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     33837250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    590650000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    624487250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     33837250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    590650000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    624487250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.225012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.241724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.435779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.435779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.298381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.308319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.298381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.308319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61188.517179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50181.721573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51163.615099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52632.985100                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52632.985100                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61188.517179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51427.949499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51876.329124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61188.517179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51427.949499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51876.329124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                     5948941                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              25645                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             25644                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            28516                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            13399                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           13399                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       105498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       106603                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        35328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      4288448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   4323776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               4323776                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           62296000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            962750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          60555000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               242                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           455.981673                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217674341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          293757.545209                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   328.977139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   127.004534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.642533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.248056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.890589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217671126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217671126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217671126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217671126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217671126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217671126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          818                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           818                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58657500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58657500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58657500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     58657500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58657500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     58657500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217671944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217671944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217671944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217671944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217671944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217671944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71708.435208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71708.435208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71708.435208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71708.435208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71708.435208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71708.435208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40733250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40733250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40733250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40733250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40733250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40733250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73658.679928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73658.679928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73658.679928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73658.679928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73658.679928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73658.679928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             38086                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           482.940413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1090567921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             38569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          28275.763463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   482.938717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.943240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    661411071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       661411071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    429156060                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      429156060                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090567131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1090567131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090567131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1090567131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        55786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         55786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        33525                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        33525                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        89311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          89311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        89311                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         89311                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2411569250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2411569250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1760631887                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1760631887                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4172201137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4172201137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4172201137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4172201137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661466857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661466857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429189585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429189585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090656442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090656442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090656442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090656442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000078                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43228.932886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43228.932886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52516.983952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52516.983952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46715.422927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46715.422927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46715.422927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46715.422927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6969                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               189                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.873016                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        28516                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             28516                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        30693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        30693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        20130                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        20130                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        50823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        50823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        50823                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        50823                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        25093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        13395                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13395                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        38488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        38488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    568417000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    568417000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    463721998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    463721998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1032138998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1032138998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1032138998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1032138998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22652.413024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22652.413024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34619.036805                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34619.036805                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26817.163739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26817.163739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26817.163739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26817.163739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
