
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.727847                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                727847310500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               727849021500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  69231                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    69231                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               22032170                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750244                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 33035.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287097435                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287097435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        35200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       732224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               767424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        35200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           35200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       114112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            114112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 11991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1783                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1783                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        48362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      1006013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1054375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        48362                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              48362                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            156780                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 156780                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            156780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        48362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      1006013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1211155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         11991                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1783                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          13774                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       767424                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    114112                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 767424                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 114112                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        4                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   882                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   528                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   523                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   677                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   845                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   576                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   863                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1314                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1174                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   661                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  551                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  596                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  599                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  708                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  951                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   162                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    28                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    24                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    23                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   160                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   420                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   341                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   135                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    9                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   52                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   38                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   29                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  141                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  213                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    727847081000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   11991                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1783                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          537                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1631.702048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     349.389385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2841.160647                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            203     37.80%     37.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           43      8.01%     45.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           30      5.59%     51.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           22      4.10%     55.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321            8      1.49%     56.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           14      2.61%     59.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           15      2.79%     62.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            6      1.12%     63.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            6      1.12%     64.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            2      0.37%     64.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            4      0.74%     65.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            5      0.93%     66.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           12      2.23%     68.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            9      1.68%     70.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            4      0.74%     71.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           10      1.86%     73.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            3      0.56%     73.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            2      0.37%     74.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            2      0.37%     74.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            4      0.74%     75.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            5      0.93%     76.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            5      0.93%     77.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            2      0.37%     77.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            4      0.74%     78.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            4      0.74%     78.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            1      0.19%     79.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            3      0.56%     79.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            2      0.37%     80.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.19%     80.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            1      0.19%     80.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.19%     80.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            2      0.37%     81.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            2      0.37%     81.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            1      0.19%     81.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            3      0.56%     82.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.19%     82.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.19%     82.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.19%     82.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.19%     82.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            2      0.37%     83.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.19%     83.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.19%     83.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.19%     83.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.19%     83.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            2      0.37%     84.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.19%     84.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.19%     84.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.37%     85.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.19%     85.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.19%     85.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.19%     85.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.19%     85.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.19%     86.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.19%     86.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            4      0.74%     86.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.19%     87.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.19%     87.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.19%     87.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.19%     87.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            1      0.19%     87.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.56%     88.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           56     10.43%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9152-9153            1      0.19%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9344-9345            1      0.19%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10753            2      0.37%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13376-13377            1      0.19%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13441            1      0.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            537                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       32085750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 260815750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     59935000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   168795000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2676.71                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14081.50                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21758.22                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.05                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.05                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.16                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.65                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11652                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1569                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  88.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     52842099.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1211155                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6148                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6148                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1783                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5843                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5843                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        25765                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         25765                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       881536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     881536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 881536                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            14019000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           56902250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77509245                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72499364                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4196922                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77239994                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        76960012                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.637517                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          265685                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           74                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100795100                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15144                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1100810244                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441309890                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1540                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441311430                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1542104990                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16684                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1542121674                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217670755                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               128                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217670883                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1455694621                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    217974834                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2569025947                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77509245                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77225697                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357049829                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33076739                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      851754810                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           86                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3376                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217670755                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         25957                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1455595700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.764931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.162318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1098545871     75.47%     75.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4471426      0.31%     75.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4239323      0.29%     76.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            20812      0.00%     76.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8691300      0.60%     76.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           532386      0.04%     76.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63499447      4.36%     81.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67171453      4.61%     85.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208423682     14.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1455595700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.053246                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.764811                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        340789456                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     732910167                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         134514519                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     218569087                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28812470                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4743935                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           305                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2537320527                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           942                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28812470                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        352431767                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       113806970                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15974830                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341700202                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     602869460                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2519413286                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            61                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          16902                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     598612829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967060943                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3598328187                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3593231268                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5096919                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1784969328                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182091615                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1054444                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         995972536                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1149836191                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470346933                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641265408                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    315962306                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509066460                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          227                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2390271610                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8991                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    221967632                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    194198620                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           48                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1455595700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.642126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.233198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    297577958     20.44%     20.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    405549908     27.86%     48.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    424842554     29.19%     77.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    184609403     12.68%     90.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    134472359      9.24%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8233618      0.57%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26717      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       274907      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8276      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1455595700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14589      0.37%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          201      0.01%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             4      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         280574      7.12%      7.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3645350     92.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       524295      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     717997323     30.04%     30.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118511798      4.96%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1336759      0.06%     35.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2225      0.00%     35.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       792179      0.03%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11614      0.00%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262893      0.01%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1109244531     46.41%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441587993     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2390271610                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.642014                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3940718                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001649                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6232087401                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2727097962                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2376907834                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      8001228                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4006225                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4000388                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2389687316                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         4000717                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439332003                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106542570                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2616                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        70661                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41157271                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          787                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28812470                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         1594372                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        206299                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2509351624                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6052                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1149836191                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470346933                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          139                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           6083                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        170547                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        70661                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4196489                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          890                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4197379                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2381543435                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1100810246                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8728175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                284937                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1542121692                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         72969921                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441311446                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.636019                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2380955971                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2380908222                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1811988483                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1812975550                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.635582                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999456                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    221977801                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4196630                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1426783230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.603166                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.317074                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    590157715     41.36%     41.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    457109660     32.04%     73.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    133033293      9.32%     82.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9168871      0.64%     83.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        30762      0.00%     83.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62656407      4.39%     87.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     59189514      4.15%     91.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     55350570      3.88%     95.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     60086438      4.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1426783230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287370520                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287370520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472483283                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043293621                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72675806                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3996075                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2280760700                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      60086438                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3876041928                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5047511496                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   20355                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                   98921                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287094044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287094044                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287094044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.636482                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.636482                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.571136                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.571136                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3386583710                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1863465401                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2708470                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2676862                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          547407                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         262300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4101                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8086.592111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      172749                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12170                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     14.194659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5562.712246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    32.897709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2490.882589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.079542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.020026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.679042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.304063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.987133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       114651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  114651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            63948                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 63948                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        13493                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 13493                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        128144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   128144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       128144                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  128144                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5843                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5843                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  11992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11441                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 11992                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40483000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    345174500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       385657500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    372691250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     372691250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    717865750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        758348750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    717865750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       758348750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       120249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              120800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        63948                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             63948                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        19336                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             19336                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       139585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               140136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       139585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              140136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.050902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.302182                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.302182                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.085574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.085574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73471.869328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61660.325116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62718.734754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63784.228992                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63784.228992                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73471.869328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62745.017918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63237.887759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73471.869328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62745.017918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63237.887759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1783                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1783                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5843                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5843                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             11992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            11992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34167000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    280849500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    315016500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    305545750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    305545750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34167000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    586395250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    620562250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34167000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    586395250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    620562250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.050902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.302182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.085574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.085574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62009.074410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50169.614148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51230.525289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52292.615095                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52292.615095                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62009.074410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51253.845818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51748.019513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62009.074410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51253.845818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51748.019513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                    17945126                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             120800                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            120799                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            63948                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            19336                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           19336                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       343118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       344219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        35200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     13026112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  13061312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              13061312                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          165990000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            958000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         212186500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               240                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           455.981647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217673152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          294550.949932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   328.977058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   127.004589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.642533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.248056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.890589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217669937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217669937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217669937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217669937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217669937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217669937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          818                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           818                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57332500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57332500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57332500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     57332500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57332500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     57332500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217670755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217670755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217670755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217670755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217670755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217670755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70088.630807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70088.630807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70088.630807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70088.630807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70088.630807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70088.630807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41035500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41035500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41035500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41035500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41035500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41035500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74474.591652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74474.591652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74474.591652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74474.591652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74474.591652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74474.591652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            139231                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           431.952939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1090462372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            139663                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs           7807.811460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   431.951246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.843655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.843658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    661311472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       661311472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    429150110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      429150110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090461582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1090461582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090461582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1090461582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       150877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        150877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        39475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        39475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       190352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         190352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       190352                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        190352                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3650083250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3650083250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1823663382                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1823663382                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5473746632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5473746632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5473746632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5473746632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661462349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661462349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429189585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429189585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090651934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090651934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090651934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090651934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24192.443182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24192.443182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46197.932413                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46197.932413                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28755.918677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28755.918677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28755.918677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28755.918677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5617                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               196                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.658163                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        63948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             63948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        30620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        30620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        20150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        20150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        50770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        50770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        50770                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        50770                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       120257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       120257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        19325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        19325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       139582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       139582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       139582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       139582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1613043000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1613043000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    527212248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    527212248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2140255248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2140255248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2140255248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2140255248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13413.298186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13413.298186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27281.358241                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27281.358241                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15333.318393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15333.318393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15333.318393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15333.318393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
