
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.124240                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                124239861500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               124241572500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  25566                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    25566                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8217887                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750436                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15118.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   386513261                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     386513261                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        58368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       525696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               584064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        58368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           58368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        36736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total             36736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         8214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  9126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks             574                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                  574                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       469801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      4231299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 4701100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       469801                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             469801                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            295686                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 295686                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            295686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       469801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      4231299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4996786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          9126                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                          574                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           9700                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       584064                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                     36736                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 584064                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                  36736                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       17                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   406                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   527                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   396                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   464                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   724                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   597                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   806                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   853                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   583                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   543                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  577                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  547                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  506                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  563                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  600                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  417                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    54                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   171                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   104                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                    11                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                    14                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    7                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   38                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   69                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                   79                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    124239624000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    9126                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                    574                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      4164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1348.782418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     266.195708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2605.788674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            196     43.08%     43.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           47     10.33%     53.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           25      5.49%     58.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           21      4.62%     63.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           17      3.74%     67.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385            9      1.98%     69.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            1      0.22%     69.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            9      1.98%     71.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            5      1.10%     72.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            8      1.76%     74.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            7      1.54%     75.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            4      0.88%     76.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            3      0.66%     77.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            4      0.88%     78.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            1      0.22%     78.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            1      0.22%     78.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            2      0.44%     79.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            1      0.22%     79.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            2      0.44%     79.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            2      0.44%     80.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            1      0.22%     80.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            2      0.44%     80.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            1      0.22%     81.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            2      0.44%     81.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            2      0.44%     81.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            1      0.22%     82.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            1      0.22%     82.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.44%     82.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.22%     83.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            2      0.44%     83.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.22%     83.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            2      0.44%     84.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.22%     84.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.22%     84.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.22%     84.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.22%     85.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.44%     85.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.22%     85.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.22%     85.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            2      0.44%     86.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.22%     86.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.22%     86.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            1      0.22%     87.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.44%     87.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.22%     87.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.22%     87.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.44%     88.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.22%     88.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.22%     88.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.44%     89.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           49     10.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       76740500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 192658000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     45545000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    70372500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8424.69                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     7725.60                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21150.29                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.70                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   4.70                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.30                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         9.80                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       8801                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                       405                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   96.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  70.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     12808208.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      4996786                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2383                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2383                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               574                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6743                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6743                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        18826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         18826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       620800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     620800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 620800                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             7146000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43321500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        49613677                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     39475073                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       580773                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     32000891                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        30511685                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     95.346361                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2736066                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         3610                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            112015538                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                298                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        112015836                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            52756148                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2292                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        52758440                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            164771686                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2590                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        164774276                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            48816102                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               219                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        48816321                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                97512                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                248480720                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     49197140                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              424682536                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            49613677                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     33247751                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              74900309                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         4512664                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      120179241                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           92                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         5112                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          48816102                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        212642                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    248100475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.711736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.934956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        173200166     69.81%     69.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5316221      2.14%     71.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6072489      2.45%     74.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          7802168      3.14%     77.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          6018135      2.43%     79.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          7304556      2.94%     82.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          5354498      2.16%     85.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5165411      2.08%     87.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         31866831     12.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    248100475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.199668                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.709117                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         60337876                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     109437048                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          65646903                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8867544                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        3811103                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      5785493                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          7482                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      422440159                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1228                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        3811103                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         66861070                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        23558692                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     44631889                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          67660006                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      41577714                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      419661160                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents             3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       11041184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      25442080                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    314354638                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     591318441                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    587229600                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      4088841                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     291195751                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         23158887                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1189571                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       292893                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          86918893                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    114444361                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     54382814                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     36524198                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13631757                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          412532751                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       488219                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         402039577                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       360652                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     26191879                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     18900771                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          582                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    248100475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.620471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.715876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     82561392     33.28%     33.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     60548396     24.40%     57.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     41585374     16.76%     74.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     28068530     11.31%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     16628721      6.70%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     10297289      4.15%     96.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4130304      1.66%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2912062      1.17%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1368407      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    248100475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          726746     24.44%     24.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           3172      0.11%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            11      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1741747     58.58%     83.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        501701     16.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        97494      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     231232043     57.51%     57.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      4002663      1.00%     58.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       640430      0.16%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       180783      0.04%     58.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       149992      0.04%     58.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        35732      0.01%     58.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        38087      0.01%     58.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        31758      0.01%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    112712832     28.04%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     52917763     13.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      402039577                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.617991                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             2973417                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007396                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1050694277                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    436583586                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    397719936                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      4819421                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2746372                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2338772                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      402448752                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         2466748                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     28859837                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8175978                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        60959                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       120925                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2956436                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       216705                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        17092                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        3811103                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5723491                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1918306                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    417133933                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        44047                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     114444361                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     54382814                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       292882                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1494174                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          2397                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       120925                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       441680                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       144507                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       586187                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     401241355                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     112015840                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       798222                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4112963                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            164774280                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         47405666                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           52758440                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.614779                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              400399104                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             400058708                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         270221050                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         322137768                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.610019                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.838837                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     27025552                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       487637                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       573309                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    244289372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.597832                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.646902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    125264666     51.28%     51.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     60854029     24.91%     76.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14567007      5.96%     82.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4668718      1.91%     84.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3663559      1.50%     85.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2060549      0.84%     86.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1501640      0.61%     87.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1301257      0.53%     87.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     30407947     12.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    244289372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    390333393                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      390333393                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              157694761                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             106268383                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              195061                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           46287321                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2134801                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         380474033                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2600761                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      30407947                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            631238030                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           838536523                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   35848                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  380245                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           386509870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             386509870                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     386509870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.642883                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.642883                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.555492                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.555492                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        566702123                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       301711258                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2454479                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1169899                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1174262                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         390123                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      1315                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7841.353671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    10185316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      9098                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                   1119.511541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6243.034307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   410.695786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1118.854559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         64.906821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          3.862199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.762089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.050134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.136579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.957196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5132817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5132873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5059443                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5059443                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1273710                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1273710                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            56                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       6406527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6406583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           56                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6406527                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6406583                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  2384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6743                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6743                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   9127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          913                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  9127                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     61307500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     90365500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       151673000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    419492000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     419492000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     61307500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    509857500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        571165000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     61307500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    509857500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       571165000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5134288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5135257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5059443                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5059443                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1280453                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1280453                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6414741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              6415710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6414741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             6415710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.000464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005266                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.005266                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.001423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.001423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67149.507119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61431.339225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63621.224832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62211.478570                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62211.478570                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67149.507119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62071.767714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62579.708557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67149.507119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62071.767714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62579.708557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  574                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       574                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             2384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6743                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6743                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              9127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             9127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50824500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73484500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124309000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    341961000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    341961000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50824500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    415445500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    466270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50824500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    415445500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    466270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.001423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.001423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55667.579409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49955.472468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52143.036913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50713.480647                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50713.480647                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55667.579409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50577.733139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51086.885066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55667.579409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50577.733139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51086.885066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  5911224619                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5135257                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5135256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5059443                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1280453                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1280453                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     17888925                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     17890862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        61952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    734347776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 734409728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             734409728                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        10797019500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              8.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1677749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        9624140000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               645                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.567125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            48817835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          42193.461538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      124237864250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   465.251205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    42.315920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.908694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.082648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     48814620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        48814620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     48814620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         48814620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     48814620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        48814620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     92610249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92610249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     92610249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92610249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     92610249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92610249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     48816102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     48816102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     48816102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     48816102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     48816102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     48816102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62490.046559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62490.046559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62490.046559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62490.046559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62490.046559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62490.046559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    38.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          513                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          513                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62840251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62840251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62840251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62840251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62840251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62840251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64850.620227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64850.620227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64850.620227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64850.620227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64850.620227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64850.620227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6414307                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           507.273498                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           118320394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6414819                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             18.444853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       19778140500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   507.263698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.009800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.990749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     71135717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        71135717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     46796560                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       46796560                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       192414                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       192414                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       195061                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       195061                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    117932277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        117932277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    117932277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       117932277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11596568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      11596568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4434757                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4434757                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2648                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2648                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     16031325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16031325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     16031325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16031325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 126934891500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 126934891500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  61518821161                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  61518821161                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35924000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     35924000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 188453712661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 188453712661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 188453712661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 188453712661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     82732285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     82732285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51231317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     51231317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       195062                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       195062                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       195061                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       195061                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    133963602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    133963602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    133963602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    133963602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.140170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.140170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086563                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.086563                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013575                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013575                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.119669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.119669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10945.901537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10945.901537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13871.971150                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13871.971150                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13566.465257                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13566.465257                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11755.342285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11755.342285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11755.342285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11755.342285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       226797                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             12589                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.015490                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5059443                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5059443                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6462146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6462146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3154441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3154441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2645                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         2645                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9616587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      9616587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9616587                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      9616587                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5134422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5134422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1280316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1280316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6414738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6414738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6414738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6414738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  58215068500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58215068500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15009726998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15009726998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73224795498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  73224795498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73224795498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  73224795498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024991                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024991                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11338.193179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11338.193179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11723.454989                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11723.454989                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11415.087490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11415.087490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11415.087490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11415.087490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
