
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.053948                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 53947750500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                53949461500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  37913                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    37913                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               14083006                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3830.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   145233775                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     145233775                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      3315136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3364352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1595648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1595648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        51799                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 52568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           24932                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                24932                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       912290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     61450866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                62363156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       912290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             912290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          29577656                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               29577656                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          29577656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       912290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     61450866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               91940812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         52568                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        24932                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          77500                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      3364352                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1595648                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                3364352                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1595648                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       11                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  3354                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  3430                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3560                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  3274                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  3370                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  3263                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  3470                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  3203                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  3217                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  3162                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 3305                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 3176                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 3190                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 3136                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 3165                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 3282                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1599                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1663                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1684                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1567                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1575                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1598                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1705                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1493                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1475                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1506                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1513                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1510                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1493                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1486                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1505                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1560                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     53947470000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   52568                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  24932                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     35259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      7686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        17957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      275.809100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     125.649324                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     728.279078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           9998     55.68%     55.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         2787     15.52%     71.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1164      6.48%     77.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          764      4.25%     81.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          647      3.60%     85.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          567      3.16%     88.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          276      1.54%     90.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          171      0.95%     91.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           91      0.51%     91.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           80      0.45%     92.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           68      0.38%     92.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           80      0.45%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           41      0.23%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           42      0.23%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           31      0.17%     93.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           51      0.28%     93.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           22      0.12%     94.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           28      0.16%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           34      0.19%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          115      0.64%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           35      0.19%     95.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           36      0.20%     95.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          274      1.53%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          247      1.38%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           18      0.10%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           17      0.09%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           12      0.07%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           15      0.08%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            9      0.05%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            8      0.04%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            7      0.04%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            6      0.03%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.01%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            6      0.03%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            5      0.03%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.01%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            5      0.03%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.01%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            3      0.02%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            3      0.02%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            3      0.02%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            3      0.02%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            3      0.02%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            4      0.02%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.01%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            4      0.02%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            2      0.01%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            2      0.01%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            3      0.02%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.01%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.01%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            4      0.02%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            2      0.01%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.01%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.01%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            3      0.02%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            3      0.02%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.01%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            1      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            4      0.02%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            2      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            4      0.02%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            3      0.02%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            4      0.02%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            1      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.01%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            3      0.02%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            2      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            2      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            2      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            3      0.02%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            5      0.03%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            5      0.03%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            3      0.02%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            1      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            2      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            3      0.02%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            3      0.02%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            2      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.02%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           61      0.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          17957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      771040500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1746653000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    262785000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   712827500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14670.56                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    13562.94                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  33233.50                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          62.36                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          29.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  62.36                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  29.58                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.03                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      45691                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     13841                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   86.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  55.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       696096.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     91940812                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               25437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             24932                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             27131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            27131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       130068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        130068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      4960000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    4960000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                4960000                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           138478000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          249347500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         3497832                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3317228                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       220572                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1331944                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1299104                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     97.534431                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           36626                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           79                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             66089389                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1133                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         66090522                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            21613545                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4302                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        21617847                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             87702934                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5435                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         87708369                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            11707689                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               130                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        11707819                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                107895501                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     11987860                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              161776135                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             3497832                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1335730                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              21107736                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         2128515                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       70247483                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3406                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          11707689                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         36026                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    105167593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.538270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.124829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         84059857     79.93%     79.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           429403      0.41%     80.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           312659      0.30%     80.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            98203      0.09%     80.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           105577      0.10%     80.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            74389      0.07%     80.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            34629      0.03%     80.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           998230      0.95%     81.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         19054646     18.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    105167593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.032419                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.499378                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         20864507                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      61520271                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          12354888                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8607221                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1820705                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       139132                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           326                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      160662391                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1022                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1820705                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         23335405                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        18195419                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4495866                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          18198132                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      39122065                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      159208383                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           973                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         841529                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      37517235                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    132917949                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     232761019                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    229628407                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      3132612                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     121086060                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11831889                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       168133                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          148                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          67818380                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     68720273                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     22628726                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     43795795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      9871134                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          158123843                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          252                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         151422635                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16442                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12794504                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10900111                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           62                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    105167593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.439822                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     26310825     25.02%     25.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     37909593     36.05%     61.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     19437875     18.48%     79.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13136399     12.49%     92.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6841201      6.51%     98.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1368145      1.30%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       122830      0.12%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        40214      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          511      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    105167593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             412      0.05%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             21      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           39      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         880380     96.88%     96.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         27907      3.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        67653      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      60737973     40.11%     40.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1313675      0.87%     41.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       855846      0.57%     41.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        80579      0.05%     41.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       285024      0.19%     41.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        57381      0.04%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        65416      0.04%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     66312699     43.79%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21646389     14.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      151422635                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.403419                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              908759                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.006001                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    405033771                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168502323                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148883723                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3904293                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2504704                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1918354                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      150309918                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1953823                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     26994270                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5416783                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        13207                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        89098                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1458886                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11550                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1820705                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         1242096                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        104522                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    158248811                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         9246                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      68720273                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     22628726                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          161                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          18402                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         30903                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        89098                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        70906                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       152044                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       222950                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     151117589                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      66090524                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       305046                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                124716                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             87708371                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3075067                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           21617847                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.400592                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              150962883                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             150802077                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         124978494                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         127042751                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.397668                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983751                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12911929                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       220260                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    103346888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.406145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.968425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     34625112     33.50%     33.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     42186586     40.82%     74.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14185889     13.73%     88.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2302210      2.23%     90.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1824766      1.77%     92.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1121364      1.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       653079      0.63%     93.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       551714      0.53%     94.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5896168      5.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    103346888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    145320694                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      145320694                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               84473330                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              63303490                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2926763                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            1744320                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         144128554                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        36345                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       5896168                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            255668575                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           318290267                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   55512                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2727908                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           145230384                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             145230384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     145230384                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.742927                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.742927                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.346028                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.346028                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        218738728                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       124696430                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           1912523                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1522553                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           72021                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          33983                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     44693                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8152.763250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       95474                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     52798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.808288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               51370341250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6092.851929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    78.897750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1980.206266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.643130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.164176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.743756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.009631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.241724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        80987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   80987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            41534                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 41534                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        13901                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 13901                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         94888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    94888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        94888                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   94888                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        24668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 25438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        27131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               27131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        51799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  52569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        51799                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 52569                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51983750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1815647000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1867630750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2059848750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2059848750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51983750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3875495750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3927479500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51983750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3875495750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3927479500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       105655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              106425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        41534                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             41534                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        41032                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             41032                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       146687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               147457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       146687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              147457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.233477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.239023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.661216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.661216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.353126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.356504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.353126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.356504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67511.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73603.332252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73418.930340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75922.330544                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75922.330544                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67511.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74817.964633                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74710.941810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67511.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74817.964633                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74710.941810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                24932                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     24932                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        24668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            25438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        27131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          27131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        51799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             52569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        51799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            52569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43148250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1532335000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1575483250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1748165250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1748165250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43148250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3280500250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3323648500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43148250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3280500250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3323648500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.233477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.239023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.661216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.353126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.356504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.353126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.356504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56036.688312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62118.331442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61934.242079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64434.235745                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64434.235745                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56036.688312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63331.343269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63224.495425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56036.688312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63331.343269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63224.495425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   224205085                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             106425                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            106424                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            41534                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            41032                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           41032                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       334908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       336447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     12046144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  12095360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              12095360                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          136029500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1341750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         232626000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.367642                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11709750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               958                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          12223.121086                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   394.974932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.392710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.771435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.174595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11706535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11706535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11706535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11706535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11706535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11706535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75598250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75598250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75598250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75598250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75598250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75598250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11707689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11707689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11707689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11707689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11707689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11707689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65509.748700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65509.748700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65509.748700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65509.748700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65509.748700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65509.748700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52755750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52755750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52755750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52755750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52755750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52755750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68513.961039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68513.961039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68513.961039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68513.961039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68513.961039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68513.961039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            146559                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           205.929047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            59887073                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            146765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            408.047375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   205.906206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.022841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.402161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.402205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     38887544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        38887544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     20998737                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       20998737                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     59886281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         59886281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     59886281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        59886281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       200706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        200706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       171024                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       171024                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       371730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         371730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       371730                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        371730                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6246996000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6246996000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10080540641                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10080540641                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       391500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       391500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16327536641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16327536641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16327536641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16327536641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     39088250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39088250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21169761                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21169761                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     60258011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     60258011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     60258011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     60258011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008079                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008079                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101266                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.101266                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31125.108367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31125.108367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58942.257467                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58942.257467                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48937.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48937.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43923.107204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43923.107204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43923.107204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43923.107204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       573861                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5450                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   105.295596                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        41534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             41534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        95054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       129993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       129993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       225047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       225047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       225047                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       225047                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       105652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       105652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        41031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       146683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       146683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       146683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       146683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2731152000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2731152000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2240003995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2240003995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       199500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       199500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4971155995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4971155995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4971155995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4971155995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001938                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001938                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050633                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050633                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25850.452429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25850.452429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54592.966172                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54592.966172                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        49875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        49875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33890.471254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33890.471254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33890.471254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33890.471254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
