
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.186750                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                186750002000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               186751712500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  57949                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    57949                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               12750293                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750380                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14646.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   848760841                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     848760841                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     31490624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             31553280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     15738816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          15738816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       492041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                493020                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          245919                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               245919                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       335507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    168624491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               168959998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       335507                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             335507                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          84277461                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               84277461                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          84277461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       335507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    168624491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              253237459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        493021                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       245919                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         738940                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     31553280                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  15738816                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               31553280                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               15738816                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        3                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 30900                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 30792                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 30865                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 30736                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 30763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 30771                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 30767                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 30810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 30747                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 30760                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                30766                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                30896                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                30914                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                30854                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                30773                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                30904                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 15368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 15408                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                15419                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                15395                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                15366                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    186749972000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  493021                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 245919                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    492463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     10687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        36480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1294.970175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     618.476601                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1935.757151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4306     11.80%     11.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3539      9.70%     21.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          610      1.67%     23.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          522      1.43%     24.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          481      1.32%     25.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          614      1.68%     27.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1836      5.03%     32.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513         3247      8.90%     41.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          457      1.25%     42.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          416      1.14%     43.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          321      0.88%     44.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          411      1.13%     45.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          352      0.96%     46.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          537      1.47%     48.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961         4353     11.93%     60.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         2620      7.18%     67.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          422      1.16%     68.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          318      0.87%     69.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          308      0.84%     70.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          361      0.99%     71.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          449      1.23%     72.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          612      1.68%     74.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         5844     16.02%     90.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          213      0.58%     90.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           98      0.27%     91.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           36      0.10%     91.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           20      0.05%     91.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           20      0.05%     91.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           20      0.05%     91.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           17      0.05%     91.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           41      0.11%     91.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           37      0.10%     91.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           34      0.09%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           14      0.04%     91.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            9      0.02%     91.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           10      0.03%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            4      0.01%     91.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           10      0.03%     91.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            8      0.02%     91.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           12      0.03%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           13      0.04%     91.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            8      0.02%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           12      0.03%     92.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           12      0.03%     92.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           12      0.03%     92.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           23      0.06%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.01%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            4      0.01%     92.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            7      0.02%     92.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            6      0.02%     92.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            4      0.01%     92.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            4      0.01%     92.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            6      0.02%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            7      0.02%     92.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            3      0.01%     92.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            7      0.02%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            3      0.01%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            6      0.02%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            7      0.02%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.00%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            7      0.02%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            5      0.01%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           22      0.06%     92.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           19      0.05%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           35      0.10%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           10      0.03%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            6      0.02%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           10      0.03%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           23      0.06%     92.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           49      0.13%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            9      0.02%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           13      0.04%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            8      0.02%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           10      0.03%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            2      0.01%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            7      0.02%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            5      0.01%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            8      0.02%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            6      0.02%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            8      0.02%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            7      0.02%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            3      0.01%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            4      0.01%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            6      0.02%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            6      0.02%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.00%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            4      0.01%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            3      0.01%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            2      0.01%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            3      0.01%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            3      0.01%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            9      0.02%     93.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            7      0.02%     93.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            6      0.02%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           15      0.04%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            7      0.02%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           28      0.08%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273           10      0.03%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            4      0.01%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            7      0.02%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            7      0.02%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            3      0.01%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            5      0.01%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            5      0.01%     93.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            2      0.01%     93.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            5      0.01%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.01%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            9      0.02%     93.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            4      0.01%     93.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041           20      0.05%     93.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            5      0.01%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            9      0.02%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            3      0.01%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            7      0.02%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361           10      0.03%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           15      0.04%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            4      0.01%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            6      0.02%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            3      0.01%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           15      0.04%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            8      0.02%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           10      0.03%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            4      0.01%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           11      0.03%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           19      0.05%     93.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           18      0.05%     94.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           29      0.08%     94.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         2158      5.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          36480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      337702750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10009745250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2465090000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  7206952500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         684.97                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14618.03                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20303.00                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         168.96                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          84.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 168.96                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  84.28                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         9.96                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     471087                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    231367                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       252726.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    253237116                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              247024                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             247022                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            245919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            245997                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           245997                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side      1231959                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                       1231959                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     47292032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   47292032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               47292032                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1353146000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2338620750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        28915349                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      9999819                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        13831                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     18370631                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        18366343                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.976658                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         9449984                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          108                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            242278724                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               4547                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        242283271                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            81090181                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2495                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        81092676                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            323368905                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               7042                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        323375947                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            77407920                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               105                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        77408025                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  503                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                373500004                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     77449534                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              878431424                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            28915349                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     27816327                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             128291913                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          159557                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      135755109                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1546                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          77407920                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          7507                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    341627258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.571315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.568486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        213335345     62.45%     62.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4471945      1.31%     63.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          8510305      2.49%     66.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4218619      1.23%     67.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5090641      1.49%     68.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          2643291      0.77%     69.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6231701      1.82%     71.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3689501      1.08%     72.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         93435910     27.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    341627258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.077417                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.351891                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        105459981                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     107759948                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         105277171                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      23001586                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         128571                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      9461770                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           485                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      878336863                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1543                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         128571                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        112621990                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        47917117                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       372347                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         120962841                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      59624391                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      878200572                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          60173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      54764955                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    749242405                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1228551194                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    855111005                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    373440189                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     748287888                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           954517                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         5809                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         3724                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         176891951                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    242358402                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     81141336                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     32081291                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2885294                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          849713511                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         6870                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         849307942                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        12295                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       953308                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       770805                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          108                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    341627258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.486066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.590197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     37108291     10.86%     10.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     64992723     19.02%     29.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     78408235     22.95%     52.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     70371966     20.60%     73.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     50337194     14.73%     88.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     29481261      8.63%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      9223083      2.70%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346768      0.39%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       357737      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    341627258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           72186      0.68%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          3201      0.03%      0.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt       1352047     12.68%     13.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       701313      6.58%     19.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv           129      0.00%     19.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     19.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     19.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     19.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     19.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     19.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     19.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     19.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     19.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     19.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     19.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     19.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     19.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     19.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     19.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     19.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     19.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     19.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     19.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     19.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4007148     37.57%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       4529255     42.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          393      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     299335217     35.24%     35.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     18887781      2.22%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    127957336     15.07%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     48252204      5.68%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     28320074      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      3147074      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    242311266     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     81096594      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      849307942                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.273917                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            10665279                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012558                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1524397349                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    588352049                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    586992074                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    526523367                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    262333912                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    262222901                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      595681649                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       264291179                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     32589019                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307870                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          726                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12391                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94421                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          851                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         128571                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        14102956                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        967766                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    878058183                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5430                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     242358402                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     81141336                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         3719                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         111601                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         68917                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        12391                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10189                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4184                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        14373                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     849264637                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     242283279                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        43305                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              28337802                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            323375956                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         28891979                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           81092677                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.273801                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              849237771                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             849214975                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         722922518                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         816431956                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.273668                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.885466                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       880202                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         6762                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        13359                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    341498687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.568357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.278217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    136892036     40.09%     40.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     87107110     25.51%     65.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11493181      3.37%     68.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5975667      1.75%     70.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5603115      1.64%     72.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3764810      1.10%     73.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5824123      1.71%     75.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      5820199      1.70%     76.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     79018446     23.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    341498687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    877090682                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      877090682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              323097447                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             242050532                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                3127                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           28869599                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          262150420                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         689356808                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      9447851                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      79018446                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1140397045                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1756070653                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  505020                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                31872746                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           848757450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             848757450                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     848757450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.440055                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.440055                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.272443                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.272443                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        949656036                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       502209939                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         277934556                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        246488648                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         8396474                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           6255                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    485122                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8102.123459                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      688178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    493288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.395084                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5593.519267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     7.734264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2499.886325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.780739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.202864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.682803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.305162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.989029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           74                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       401710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  401784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           532839                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                532839                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       175018                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                175018                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            74                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        576728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   576802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           74                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       576728                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  576802                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                247024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       245997                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              245997                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       492042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 493021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       492042                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                493021                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67130500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15043750750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15110881250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15352685500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   15352685500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67130500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30396436250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      30463566750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67130500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30396436250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     30463566750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       647755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              648808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       532839                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            532839                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       421015                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            421015                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1068770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1069823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1068770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1069823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.379843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.380735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.584295                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.584295                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.460382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.460844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.460382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.460844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68570.480082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61142.273771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61171.713072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62410.051749                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62410.051749                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68570.480082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61776.100922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61789.592634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68570.480082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61776.100922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61789.592634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               245919                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    245919                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           247024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       245997                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         245997                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            493021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           493021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55886500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12216637250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12272523750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12527763500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12527763500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55886500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24744400750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24800287250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55886500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24744400750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24800287250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.379843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.380735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.584295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.584295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.460382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.460844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.460382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.460844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57085.291113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49652.044341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49681.503619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50926.488941                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50926.488941                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57085.291113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50289.204478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50302.699581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57085.291113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50289.204478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50302.699581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   549238227                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             648808                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            648806                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           532839                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           421015                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          421015                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      2670377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      2672483                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        67392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    102502848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 102570240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             102570240                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1334170000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1817000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1722949500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               726                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.824458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            77409658                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          62629.173139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   500.519099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     9.305359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.977576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.018175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77406457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        77406457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77406457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         77406457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77406457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        77406457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95840499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95840499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95840499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95840499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95840499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95840499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77407920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77407920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77407920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     77407920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77407920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     77407920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65509.568694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65509.568694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65509.568694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65509.568694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65509.568694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65509.568694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          398                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    39.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68934500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68934500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68934500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68934500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68934500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68934500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65464.862298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65464.862298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65464.862298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65464.862298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65464.862298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65464.862298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1068622                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           225.965795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           286995623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1068848                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            268.509295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   225.951346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.014449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.441311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.441339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    207375325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       207375325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     79615085                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       79615085                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    286990410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        286990410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    286990410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       286990410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2310413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2310413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1428703                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1428703                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1544                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1544                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3739116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3739116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3739116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3739116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67057184500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  67057184500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51311420222                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  51311420222                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21252750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     21252750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 118368604722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 118368604722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 118368604722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 118368604722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209685738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209685738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     81043788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     81043788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290729526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    290729526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290729526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    290729526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017629                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017629                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.493448                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.493448                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29023.895078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29023.895078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35914.686413                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35914.686413                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13764.734456                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13764.734456                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31656.842078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31656.842078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31656.842078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31656.842078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6141                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               285                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.547368                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       532839                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            532839                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1661708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1661708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1008640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1008640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2670348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2670348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2670348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2670348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       648705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       648705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       420063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       420063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1068768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1068768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1068768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1068768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19743560250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19743560250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17524029249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17524029249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       122500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       122500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37267589499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37267589499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37267589499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37267589499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005183                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005183                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30435.344648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30435.344648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41717.621521                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41717.621521                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34869.671902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34869.671902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34869.671902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34869.671902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
