
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.328221                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                328221194000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               328222905000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  35630                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    35630                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11269016                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750552                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29126.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1037747851                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1037747851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        60288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      5026368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5086656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        60288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           60288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2327040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2327040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        78537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 79479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           36360                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                36360                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       183681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     15313965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15497646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       183681                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             183681                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           7089853                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                7089853                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           7089853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       183681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     15313965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               22587499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         79479                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        36360                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         115839                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      5086656                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2327040                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                5086656                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2327040                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       23                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4881                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4809                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4791                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  4929                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  5237                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  5179                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4877                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4779                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  5020                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  4970                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 5139                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4939                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 5029                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 5019                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 4950                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4908                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2222                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2201                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2174                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2254                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2234                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2270                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2330                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2207                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2306                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2318                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2283                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2229                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2317                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2355                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2340                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2320                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    328220907500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   79479                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  36360                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     60729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12198                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      606.934907                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     255.474890                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1165.579299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           3435     28.16%     28.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1580     12.95%     41.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1168      9.58%     50.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          937      7.68%     58.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          687      5.63%     64.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          517      4.24%     68.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          423      3.47%     71.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          297      2.43%     74.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          136      1.11%     75.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          163      1.34%     76.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          132      1.08%     77.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          136      1.11%     78.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          117      0.96%     79.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          109      0.89%     80.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          123      1.01%     81.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          168      1.38%     83.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          113      0.93%     83.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           80      0.66%     84.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           88      0.72%     85.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          194      1.59%     86.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           76      0.62%     87.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           59      0.48%     88.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          429      3.52%     91.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          365      2.99%     94.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           31      0.25%     94.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           27      0.22%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           26      0.21%     95.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           22      0.18%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           20      0.16%     95.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           10      0.08%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           13      0.11%     95.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           12      0.10%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           12      0.10%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            8      0.07%     96.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            5      0.04%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           14      0.11%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            3      0.02%     96.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            7      0.06%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           11      0.09%     96.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           10      0.08%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            7      0.06%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            4      0.03%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            8      0.07%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           10      0.08%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            5      0.04%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           11      0.09%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            5      0.04%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            9      0.07%     96.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            2      0.02%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            5      0.04%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            4      0.03%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            8      0.07%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            4      0.03%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.01%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            2      0.02%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            4      0.03%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            7      0.06%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            6      0.05%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            8      0.07%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            4      0.03%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            6      0.05%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            3      0.02%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            4      0.03%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            9      0.07%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            5      0.04%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            5      0.04%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            6      0.05%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            2      0.02%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            6      0.05%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            4      0.03%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            6      0.05%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            7      0.06%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            7      0.06%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            5      0.04%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            4      0.03%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            4      0.03%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            3      0.02%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            2      0.02%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            3      0.02%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            5      0.04%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            4      0.03%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            5      0.04%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            5      0.04%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            3      0.02%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.01%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            4      0.03%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.01%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            3      0.02%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.01%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            2      0.02%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.02%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.01%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.02%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            2      0.02%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            3      0.02%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            2      0.02%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.02%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.02%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.01%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.02%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            5      0.04%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            2      0.02%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.02%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.02%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.01%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            3      0.02%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.01%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            2      0.02%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            4      0.03%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            1      0.01%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.01%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            4      0.03%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            2      0.02%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            3      0.02%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            4      0.03%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            2      0.02%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.01%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            2      0.02%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            2      0.02%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            6      0.05%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          115      0.94%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8320-8321            1      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8512-8513            1      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            2      0.02%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8768-8769            1      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9152-9153            1      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9792-9793            2      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9856-9857            1      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10048-10049            1      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10176-10177            1      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10368-10369            1      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12198                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      672556750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2057719250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    397280000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   987882500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8464.52                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12433.08                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25897.59                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          15.50                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           7.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  15.50                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   7.09                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.14                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      74061                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     29537                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  81.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      2833423.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     22587499                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               41776                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              41776                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             36360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             37703                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            37703                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       195318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        195318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      7413696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    7413696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                7413696                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           203359500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          376910750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       129200182                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    103297723                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      1587075                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     85467907                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        80406227                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.077683                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         7022778                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         7630                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            308620724                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1219                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        308621943                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           140482228                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4682                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       140486910                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            449102952                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5901                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        449108853                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           130286771                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               492                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       130287263                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               247972                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                656445279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    131318606                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             1140722771                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           129200182                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     87429005                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             199941471                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        12234762                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      311221526                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        10727                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         130286771                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        577982                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    652830625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.747349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.960445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        452889154     69.37%     69.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         13842432      2.12%     71.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         15573881      2.39%     73.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         20867508      3.20%     77.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         15603897      2.39%     79.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         19711980      3.02%     82.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         14607957      2.24%     84.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         13363705      2.05%     86.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         86370111     13.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    652830625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.196818                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.737727                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        161282474                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     282380742                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         174237915                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      24610218                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       10319275                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     14762814                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred         18943                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     1134343147                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1175                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       10319275                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        178194958                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        60436231                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    113114309                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         181041178                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     109724673                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     1126866623                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           373                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       27002256                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      69364829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    849639979                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1589361791                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1578887931                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10473860                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     787121844                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         62518135                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3072682                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       744025                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         231244135                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    315011177                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    144782440                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    101765810                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     35064730                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         1108231018                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1240012                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        1080267866                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       910285                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     70171287                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     50289356                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           83                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    652830625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.654744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.718740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    211482157     32.39%     32.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    156700249     24.00%     56.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    112262111     17.20%     73.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     77152520     11.82%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     46122796      7.07%     92.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     26605808      4.08%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     11067969      1.70%     98.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7838323      1.20%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3598692      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    652830625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         1926469     23.12%     23.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           6570      0.08%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            31      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        5055568     60.68%     83.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1342285     16.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       247954      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     614492749     56.88%     56.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     11455754      1.06%     57.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1631407      0.15%     58.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       461878      0.04%     58.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       388785      0.04%     58.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        83200      0.01%     58.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       102091      0.01%     58.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        78999      0.01%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    310425067     28.74%     86.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    140899982     13.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     1080267866                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.645633                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             8330963                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007712                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   2810318987                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1172864180                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1069038985                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     12288618                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      7077203                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5955315                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1082056362                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         6294513                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     83538230                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     22033418                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       192134                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       308908                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      8188880                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       578846                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        66201                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       10319275                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        15346903                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       4800933                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1120000417                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       119510                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     315011177                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    144782440                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       744010                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        3722887                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          4376                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       308908                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172750                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       434587                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      1607337                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    1078183322                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     308621945                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2084544                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              10529387                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            449108855                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        123249763                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          140486910                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.642457                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             1075871546                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            1074994300                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         735114291                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         867470854                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.637599                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.847422                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     73174074                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1239929                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1568158                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    642511350                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.630261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.661796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    323503601     50.35%     50.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    161887051     25.20%     75.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     39530559      6.15%     81.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     13221175      2.06%     83.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     10262610      1.60%     85.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      5301330      0.83%     86.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3943791      0.61%     86.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3260148      0.51%     87.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     81601085     12.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    642511350                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1047461246                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     1047461246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              429571319                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             292977759                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              495977                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          120119792                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            5410482                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1022406484                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      6607141                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      81601085                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1681533105                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          2251610295                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  121090                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3614654                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1037744460                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1037744460                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    1037744460                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.632569                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.632569                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.580854                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.580854                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1524028193                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       815898756                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           6235624                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2982380                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         2979741                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         991956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     71490                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8160.609497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    21010230                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     79484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    264.332822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1330.743964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    94.360295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6735.365860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.109552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.029827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.162444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.011519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.822188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13008659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                13008662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          8039128                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               8039128                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3228497                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3228497                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      16237156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 16237159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     16237156                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                16237159                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        40834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 41777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        37703                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               37703                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        78537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  79480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        78537                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 79480                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64945000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2573289250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2638234250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2716471500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2716471500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64945000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5289760750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5354705750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64945000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5289760750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5354705750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13049493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            13050439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8039128                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           8039128                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3266200                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3266200                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16315693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             16316639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16315693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            16316639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.003201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011543                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.011543                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.004871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.004871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68870.625663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63018.299701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63150.399741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72049.213590                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72049.213590                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68870.625663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67353.740912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67371.738173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68870.625663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67353.740912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67371.738173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                36360                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     36360                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        40834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            41777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        37703                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          37703                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        78537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             79480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        78537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            79480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54124000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2104375750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2158499750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2283426500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2283426500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54124000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4387802250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4441926250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54124000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4387802250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4441926250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.004871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.004871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57395.546129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51534.891267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51667.179309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60563.522797                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60563.522797                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57395.546129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55869.236793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55887.345873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57395.546129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55869.236793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55887.345873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  4749141897                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           13050439                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13050438                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          8039128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3266200                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3266200                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     40670514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     40672405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side   1558708544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                1558769024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1558769024                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20217011500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1647249                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       24492558750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               622                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           506.005476                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           130288499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          114892.856261                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      328219687750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   468.070703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    37.934773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.914201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.074091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130285284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       130285284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130285284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        130285284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130285284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       130285284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98991749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98991749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98991749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98991749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98991749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98991749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    130286771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    130286771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    130286771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    130286771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    130286771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    130286771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66571.451917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66571.451917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66571.451917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66571.451917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66571.451917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66571.451917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          541                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          541                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65923251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65923251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65923251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65923251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65923251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65923251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69686.311839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69686.311839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69686.311839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69686.311839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69686.311839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69686.311839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16315288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           480.594940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           320456624                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16315771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             19.640912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   480.591185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.003754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.938655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.938662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    194669752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       194669752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    124802742                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      124802742                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       487511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       487511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       495977                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       495977                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    319472494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        319472494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    319472494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       319472494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     29287114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      29287114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11294841                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     11294841                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8467                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8467                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     40581955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       40581955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     40581955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      40581955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 324844154000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 324844154000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 161536474533                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 161536474533                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114586500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    114586500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 486380628533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 486380628533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 486380628533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 486380628533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    223956866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    223956866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    136097583                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    136097583                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       495978                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       495978                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       495977                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       495977                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    360054449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    360054449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    360054449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    360054449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.130771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.130771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082991                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.082991                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017071                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.017071                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.112711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.112711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.112711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.112711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11091.709275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11091.709275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14301.792697                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14301.792697                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13533.305775                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13533.305775                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11985.145332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11985.145332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11985.145332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11985.145332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       935349                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             52750                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.731735                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8039128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8039128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16237332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     16237332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8028933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      8028933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         8464                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         8464                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     24266265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     24266265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     24266265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     24266265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13049782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13049782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3265908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3265908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16315690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16315690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16315690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16315690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 149907430750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 149907430750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39743245248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39743245248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       108750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       108750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 189650675998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 189650675998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 189650675998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 189650675998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023997                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023997                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11487.351340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11487.351340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12169.125783                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12169.125783                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        36250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        36250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11623.821977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11623.821977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11623.821977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11623.821977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
