
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.328526                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                328526316500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               328528027500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  35222                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    35222                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11150434                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750616                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29463.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1037747851                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1037747851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        60288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      5026752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5087040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        60288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           60288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2328512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2328512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        78543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 79485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           36383                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                36383                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       183510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     15300911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15484422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       183510                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             183510                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           7087749                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                7087749                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           7087749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       183510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     15300911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               22572170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         79485                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        36383                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         115868                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      5087040                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2328512                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                5087040                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2328512                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       19                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4881                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4791                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  4927                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  5237                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  5180                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4881                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4782                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  5022                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  4971                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 5138                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4941                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 5029                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 5020                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 4949                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4907                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2222                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2202                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2180                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2253                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2234                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2269                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2332                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2208                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2306                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2321                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2297                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2227                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2317                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2355                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2341                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2319                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    328526025000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   79485                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  36383                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     60723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4950                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12206                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      606.835982                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     254.548104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1166.812965                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           3491     28.60%     28.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1554     12.73%     41.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1150      9.42%     50.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          903      7.40%     58.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          711      5.83%     63.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          518      4.24%     68.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          422      3.46%     71.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          286      2.34%     74.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          167      1.37%     75.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          158      1.29%     76.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          125      1.02%     77.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          147      1.20%     78.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          104      0.85%     79.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          100      0.82%     80.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          123      1.01%     81.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          171      1.40%     82.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          121      0.99%     83.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           81      0.66%     84.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           84      0.69%     85.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          195      1.60%     86.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           75      0.61%     87.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           60      0.49%     88.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          428      3.51%     91.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          362      2.97%     94.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           43      0.35%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           30      0.25%     95.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           20      0.16%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           13      0.11%     95.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           20      0.16%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           14      0.11%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           12      0.10%     95.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           12      0.10%     95.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           15      0.12%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            7      0.06%     96.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            4      0.03%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           10      0.08%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            8      0.07%     96.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           13      0.11%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            8      0.07%     96.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            7      0.06%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            6      0.05%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            9      0.07%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            6      0.05%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            7      0.06%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            3      0.02%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            8      0.07%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            4      0.03%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           11      0.09%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            6      0.05%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            3      0.02%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            2      0.02%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            5      0.04%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            6      0.05%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            3      0.02%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            3      0.02%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            7      0.06%     97.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            2      0.02%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            3      0.02%     97.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           10      0.08%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            8      0.07%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            5      0.04%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            6      0.05%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            5      0.04%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            7      0.06%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            5      0.04%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            6      0.05%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            7      0.06%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            2      0.02%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            4      0.03%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            2      0.02%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            3      0.02%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            7      0.06%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            9      0.07%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            4      0.03%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            4      0.03%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            4      0.03%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            4      0.03%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.01%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            4      0.03%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            6      0.05%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            4      0.03%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            4      0.03%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            2      0.02%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            4      0.03%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.01%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            3      0.02%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            3      0.02%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            5      0.04%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            2      0.02%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            2      0.02%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.02%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.02%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.02%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            2      0.02%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            2      0.02%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.02%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            2      0.02%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.01%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            3      0.02%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.01%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.02%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            4      0.03%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            2      0.02%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.02%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.02%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            3      0.02%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            2      0.02%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            3      0.02%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            3      0.02%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            1      0.01%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.01%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            3      0.02%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            4      0.03%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            2      0.02%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            3      0.02%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            3      0.02%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            2      0.02%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            2      0.02%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            3      0.02%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            5      0.04%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          114      0.93%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8384-8385            1      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8449            1      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            1      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8705            1      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8961            1      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9152-9153            1      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9856-9857            1      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-9985            2      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10048-10049            1      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10176-10177            1      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10432-10433            1      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12206                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      675782000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2061902000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    397330000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   988790000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8504.04                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12442.93                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25946.97                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          15.48                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           7.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  15.48                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   7.09                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.25                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      74079                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     29544                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  81.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      2835347.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     22572170                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               41785                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              41785                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             36383                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             37700                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            37700                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       195353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        195353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      7415552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    7415552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                7415552                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           203466000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          376962500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       129261942                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    103350291                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      1594952                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     87710883                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        80466703                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     91.740842                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         7026594                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         7887                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            308634581                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1203                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        308635784                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           140520219                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4681                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       140524900                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            449154800                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5884                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        449160684                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           130367039                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               525                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       130367564                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               247972                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                657055389                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    131405692                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             1141032189                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           129261942                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     87493297                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             200015215                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        12276956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      311615780                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          101                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        10925                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         130367039                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        581328                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    653417787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.746252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.959687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        453402572     69.39%     69.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         13850464      2.12%     71.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         15583805      2.38%     73.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         20875176      3.19%     77.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         15606564      2.39%     79.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         19737469      3.02%     82.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         14616371      2.24%     84.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         13386168      2.05%     86.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         86359198     13.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    653417787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.196729                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.736584                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        161351943                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     282800068                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         174348515                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      24566105                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       10351155                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     14769185                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred         18944                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     1134609468                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1165                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       10351155                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        178298631                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        60804515                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    113087505                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         181081077                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     109794903                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     1127140971                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           393                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       27060305                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      69388915                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    849810269                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1589719508                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1579246005                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10473503                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     787121844                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         62688425                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3074708                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       744021                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         231369109                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    315050443                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    144832081                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    101827535                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     34970117                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         1108474291                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1240009                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        1080388592                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       911851                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     70349004                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     50453707                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           80                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    653417787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.653442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.718495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    211871156     32.43%     32.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    156968141     24.02%     56.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    112234910     17.18%     73.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     77052114     11.79%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     46212947      7.07%     92.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     26562954      4.07%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     11074467      1.69%     98.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7847855      1.20%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3593243      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    653417787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         1928756     23.12%     23.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           6563      0.08%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            38      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             1      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     23.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        5049621     60.54%     83.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1356010     16.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       247954      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     614558631     56.88%     56.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     11453951      1.06%     57.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1631744      0.15%     58.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       462086      0.04%     58.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       388641      0.04%     58.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        83208      0.01%     58.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       102290      0.01%     58.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        78997      0.01%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    310447234     28.73%     86.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    140933856     13.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     1080388592                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.644288                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             8341029                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007720                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   2811155801                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1173287368                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1069149611                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     12292050                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      7074866                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5956577                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1082185462                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         6296205                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     83514144                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     22072684                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       194757                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       308664                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      8238521                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       581272                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        69168                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       10351155                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        15513601                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       4804332                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1120246618                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       122673                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     315050443                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    144832081                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       744010                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        3722520                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          4839                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       308664                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1175843                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       436244                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      1612087                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    1078300674                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     308635786                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2087918                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              10532318                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            449160686                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        123268914                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          140524900                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.641111                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             1075979429                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            1075106188                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         735147586                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         867481753                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.636249                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.847450                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     73422850                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1239929                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1576036                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    643066632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.628853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.660718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    323943324     50.37%     50.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    162012646     25.19%     75.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     39504731      6.14%     81.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     13252948      2.06%     83.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     10274256      1.60%     85.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      5297469      0.82%     86.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3938785      0.61%     86.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3276569      0.51%     87.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     81565904     12.68%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    643066632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1047461246                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     1047461246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              429571319                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             292977759                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              495977                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          120119792                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            5410482                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1022406484                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      6607141                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      81565904                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1682372344                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          2252139873                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  125243                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3637602                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1037744460                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1037744460                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    1037744460                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.633157                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.633157                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.579387                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.579387                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1524190019                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       815951473                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           6237062                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2983081                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         2979741                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         991956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     71566                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8160.857912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    21031182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     79541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    264.406809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1331.962000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    93.937229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6734.819426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.109454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.029803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.162593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.011467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.822122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13021438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                13021441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          8047318                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               8047318                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3232468                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3232468                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      16253906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 16253909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     16253906                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                16253909                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        40843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 41786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        37700                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               37700                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        78543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  79486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        78543                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 79486                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64665750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2572550500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2637216250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2722005750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2722005750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64665750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5294556250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5359222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64665750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5294556250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5359222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13062281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            13063227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8047318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           8047318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3270168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3270168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16332449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             16333395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16332449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            16333395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.003199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011528                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.011528                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.004866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.004866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68574.496288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62986.325686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63112.435983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72201.744032                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72201.744032                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68574.496288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67409.651401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67423.470800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68574.496288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67409.651401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67423.470800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                36383                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     36383                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        40843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            41786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        37700                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          37700                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        78543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             79486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        78543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            79486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53843250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2103529500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2157372750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2288954250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2288954250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53843250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4392483750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4446327000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53843250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4392483750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4446327000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.004866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.004866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57097.826087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51502.815660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51629.080314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60714.966844                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60714.966844                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57097.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55924.573164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55938.492313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57097.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55924.573164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55938.492313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  4749590793                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           13063227                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13063226                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          8047318                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3270168                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3270168                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     40712216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     40714107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side   1560305088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                1560365568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1560365568                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20237674500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1647999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       24517717000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               622                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           505.992914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           130368774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          114963.645503                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      328524751750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   467.266515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    38.726400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.912630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.075637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130365559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       130365559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130365559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        130365559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130365559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       130365559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97873749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97873749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97873749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97873749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97873749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97873749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    130367039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    130367039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    130367039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    130367039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    130367039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    130367039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66130.911486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66130.911486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66130.911486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66130.911486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66130.911486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66130.911486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65644001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65644001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65644001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65644001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65644001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65644001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69391.121564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69391.121564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69391.121564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69391.121564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69391.121564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69391.121564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16332095                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           430.368459                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           320456166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16332527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             19.620734                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   430.364708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.003751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.840556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.840563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    194682883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       194682883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    124789150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      124789150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       487514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       487514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       495977                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       495977                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    319472033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        319472033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    319472033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       319472033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     29306775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      29306775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11308433                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     11308433                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8465                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8465                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     40615208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       40615208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     40615208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      40615208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 325056504500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 325056504500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 161724686303                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 161724686303                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114559500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    114559500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 486781190803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 486781190803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 486781190803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 486781190803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    223989658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    223989658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    136097583                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    136097583                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       495979                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       495979                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       495977                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       495977                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    360087241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    360087241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    360087241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    360087241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.130840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.130840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.083091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017067                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.017067                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.112793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.112793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.112793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.112793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11091.513976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11091.513976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14301.246362                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14301.246362                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13533.313644                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13533.313644                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11985.195073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11985.195073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11985.195073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11985.195073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       946296                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             55305                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.110496                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8047318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8047318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16244190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     16244190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8038572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      8038572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         8462                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         8462                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     24282762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     24282762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     24282762                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     24282762                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13062585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13062585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3269861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3269861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16332446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16332446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16332446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16332446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 150047507500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 150047507500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39799065248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39799065248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       108750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       108750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 189846572748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 189846572748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 189846572748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 189846572748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11486.815780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11486.815780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12171.485347                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12171.485347                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        36250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        36250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11623.891042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11623.891042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11623.891042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11623.891042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
