
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.042619                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 42618877500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                42620588500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  27462                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    27462                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9820803                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750432                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4339.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   119174499                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     119174499                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      3385024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3434432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1328192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1328192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        52891                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 53663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           20753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                20753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1159298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     79425461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                80584760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1159298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1159298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          31164406                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               31164406                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          31164406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1159298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     79425461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              111749166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         53663                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        20753                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          74416                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      3434432                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1328192                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                3434432                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1328192                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       29                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  3417                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  3455                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3618                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  3261                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  3240                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  3069                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  3359                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  3255                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  3285                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  3196                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 3511                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 3424                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 3424                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 3339                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 3397                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 3384                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1340                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1341                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1342                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1236                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1212                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1255                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1413                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1253                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1251                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1259                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1261                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1273                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1279                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1319                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1337                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1382                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     42618599000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   53663                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  20753                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     32498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     10250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      6480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        15070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      315.434638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     130.614332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     843.916933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           8333     55.30%     55.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         2076     13.78%     69.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1242      8.24%     77.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          651      4.32%     81.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          454      3.01%     84.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          385      2.55%     87.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          185      1.23%     88.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          150      1.00%     89.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           90      0.60%     90.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           99      0.66%     90.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           94      0.62%     91.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           83      0.55%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           54      0.36%     92.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           64      0.42%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           49      0.33%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           70      0.46%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           45      0.30%     93.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           27      0.18%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           38      0.25%     94.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           83      0.55%     94.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           35      0.23%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           26      0.17%     95.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          174      1.15%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          155      1.03%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           18      0.12%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           17      0.11%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           10      0.07%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           12      0.08%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            8      0.05%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           10      0.07%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            8      0.05%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            8      0.05%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            7      0.05%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            5      0.03%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            6      0.04%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            2      0.01%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            9      0.06%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            4      0.03%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            4      0.03%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            3      0.02%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.01%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            5      0.03%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            6      0.04%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            7      0.05%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            4      0.03%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            2      0.01%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            3      0.02%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            4      0.03%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            4      0.03%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            2      0.01%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            4      0.03%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.01%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            3      0.02%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            2      0.01%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            6      0.04%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            2      0.01%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.01%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            4      0.03%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            2      0.01%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            3      0.02%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            7      0.05%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.01%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            2      0.01%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            7      0.05%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            8      0.05%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            2      0.01%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            3      0.02%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            2      0.01%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            6      0.04%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            3      0.02%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            8      0.05%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.01%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            3      0.02%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            4      0.03%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            3      0.02%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            5      0.03%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            4      0.03%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.01%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.01%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            3      0.02%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.01%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            3      0.02%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.01%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.01%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            2      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.01%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.01%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            2      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            2      0.01%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            3      0.02%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            3      0.02%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            3      0.02%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            4      0.03%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            2      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            4      0.03%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            4      0.03%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            3      0.02%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            2      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            1      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            4      0.03%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            2      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            1      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            2      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            2      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.02%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           64      0.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          15070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      766985500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1800315500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    268170000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   765160000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14300.36                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14266.32                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  33566.68                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          80.58                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          31.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  80.58                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  31.16                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.04                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.85                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      44920                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     14390                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   83.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  69.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       572707.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    111749166                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               29424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              29424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             20753                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             24239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            24239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       128079                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        128079                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      4762624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    4762624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                4762624                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           120220000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          254532000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         2842031                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      2754366                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       192351                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1241384                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1232044                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.247614                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           16614                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           75                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             54599185                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1045                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         54600230                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            17103434                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4263                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        17107697                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             71702619                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5308                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         71707927                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             9848321                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               131                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         9848452                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 85237755                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     10088094                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              133711526                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             2842031                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1248658                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              17533000                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1869677                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       53327941                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3412                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9848321                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         28333                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     82564758                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.619475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.182690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         65031758     78.76%     78.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           407274      0.49%     79.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           305106      0.37%     79.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            77160      0.09%     79.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            77649      0.09%     79.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            46310      0.06%     79.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            23442      0.03%     79.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           988710      1.20%     81.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         15607349     18.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     82564758                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.033342                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.568689                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         17385293                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      46156807                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           9847790                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       7562961                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1611906                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        68670                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           326                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      132766545                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1040                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1611906                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         19094904                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        13476662                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1875558                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          15448353                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      31057374                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      131659784                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          1894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         459663                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      29987890                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    110690371                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     192114206                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    190743716                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1370490                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     100097301                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10593070                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        71878                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          150                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          54456562                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     56982723                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     17998733                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     35792383                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      8018490                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          130767038                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          253                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         124802558                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14392                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11520353                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9623930                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           63                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     82564758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.511572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18922019     22.92%     22.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29432657     35.65%     58.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15893461     19.25%     77.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     11252791     13.63%     91.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5690537      6.89%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1197837      1.45%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       155392      0.19%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19591      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          473      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     82564758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             348      0.05%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             25      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.01%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         672282     97.71%     97.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         15370      2.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        27629      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      51016087     40.88%     40.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1261925      1.01%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       365545      0.29%     42.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        34232      0.03%     42.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       123000      0.10%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        26185      0.02%     42.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        28179      0.02%     42.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     54788154     43.90%     86.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17131622     13.73%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      124802558                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.464170                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              688065                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005513                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    331194281                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141235088                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123465275                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1678050                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1114523                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       822618                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      124623382                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          839612                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     21748633                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4909920                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11650                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        62489                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1308922                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        15953                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1611906                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          546414                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         27493                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130855655                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8101                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      56982723                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17998733                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          162                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           2106                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          3476                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        62489                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        69653                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       123913                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       193566                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     124555177                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      54600232                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       247381                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 88364                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             71707929                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2482646                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           17107697                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.461268                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              124427131                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             124287893                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         103948982                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         105056570                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.458132                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.989457                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11596981                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       192037                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     80952852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.472974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.030461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     25939189     32.04%     32.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32989616     40.75%     72.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11803882     14.58%     87.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1968625      2.43%     89.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1385545      1.71%     91.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       844117      1.04%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       394701      0.49%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       410236      0.51%     93.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5216941      6.44%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     80952852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    119241406                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      119241406                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               68762614                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              52072803                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2356287                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             737120                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         118702711                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        16333                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       5216941                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            206560063                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           263291815                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   28775                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2672997                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           119171108                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             119171108                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     119171108                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.715255                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.715255                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.398102                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.398102                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        180695335                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       104156614                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            820429                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           653223                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           31997                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          13971                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     45647                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8135.577930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       12187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     53653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.227145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               40733079750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5576.363585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   110.649069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2447.494682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.850188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.220406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.680708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.013507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.298766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.993113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         9356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    9356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            26796                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 26796                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         11510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    11510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        11510                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   11510                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 29425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        24239                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               24239                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        52891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  53664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        52891                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 53664                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52726250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2194896750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2247623000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1779239000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1779239000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52726250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3974135750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4026862000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52726250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3974135750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4026862000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        38008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               38781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        26796                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             26796                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        26393                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             26393                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        64401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                65174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        64401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               65174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.753841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.758748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.918387                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.918387                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.821276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.823396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.821276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.823396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68209.896507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76605.359137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76384.808836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73403.977062                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73403.977062                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68209.896507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75138.222949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75038.424270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68209.896507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75138.222949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75038.424270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                20753                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     20753                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            29425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        24239                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          24239                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        52891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             53664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        52891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            53664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43858750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1865863250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1909722000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1500750000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1500750000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43858750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3366613250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3410472000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43858750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3366613250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3410472000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.753841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.758748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.918387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.918387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.821276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.823396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.821276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.823396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56738.357050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65121.570920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64901.342396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61914.682949                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61914.682949                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56738.357050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63651.911478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63552.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56738.357050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63651.911478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63552.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   138108189                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              38781                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             38780                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            26796                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            26393                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           26393                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       155598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       157143                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      5836608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   5886016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               5886016                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           72781000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1345750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         109454500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               450                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.615313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             9850377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          10250.132154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   395.524580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.090733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.772509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.174005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9847162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         9847162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9847162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          9847162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9847162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         9847162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76208750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76208750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76208750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76208750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76208750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76208750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9848321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9848321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9848321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      9848321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9848321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      9848321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65753.882657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65753.882657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65753.882657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65753.882657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65753.882657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65753.882657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          386                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          386                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53500750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53500750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53500750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53500750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53500750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53500750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69211.836999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69211.836999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69211.836999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69211.836999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69211.836999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69211.836999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             63967                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.324726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            49265230                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             64479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            764.050776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         135468750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.295814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.028912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.998625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     32728388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        32728388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16536048                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16536048                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     49264436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         49264436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     49264436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        49264436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       110828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        110828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       153684                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       153684                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       264512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         264512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       264512                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        264512                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6403134750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6403134750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9574495372                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9574495372                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15977630122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15977630122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15977630122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15977630122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     32839216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32839216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16689732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16689732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     49528948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49528948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     49528948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49528948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087500                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.087500                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57775.424532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57775.424532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62299.883996                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62299.883996                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60404.178722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60404.178722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60404.178722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60404.178722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       580229                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5615                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   103.335530                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        26796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             26796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        72821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        72821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       127293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       127293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       200114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       200114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        38007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        26391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        26391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        64398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        64398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2326454000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2326454000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1827213250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1827213250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4153667250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4153667250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4153667250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4153667250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001581                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001581                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037500                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037500                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61211.197937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61211.197937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69236.226365                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69236.226365                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64499.941768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64499.941768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64499.941768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64499.941768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
