
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.726793                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                726793345000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               726795056000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  64959                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    64959                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               20642612                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750280                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 35208.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287097435                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287097435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        35392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       729408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               764800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        35392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           35392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       110592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            110592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11397                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 11950                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1728                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1728                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        48696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      1003598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1052294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        48696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              48696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            152164                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 152164                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            152164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        48696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      1003598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1204458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         11950                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1728                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          13678                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       764800                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    110592                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 764800                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 110592                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        6                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   870                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   529                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   523                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   671                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   840                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   576                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   847                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1287                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1169                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   661                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  551                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  587                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  593                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  708                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  993                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   147                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    22                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    19                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    23                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   145                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   392                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   335                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   136                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    9                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   44                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   31                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   20                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  142                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  255                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    726793135000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   11950                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1728                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1617.335807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     347.560627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2825.045900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            202     37.48%     37.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           44      8.16%     45.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           31      5.75%     51.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           23      4.27%     55.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           14      2.60%     58.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           13      2.41%     60.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           10      1.86%     62.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            6      1.11%     63.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            2      0.37%     64.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            6      1.11%     65.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            3      0.56%     65.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            1      0.19%     65.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           15      2.78%     68.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            9      1.67%     70.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            7      1.30%     71.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           12      2.23%     73.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            3      0.56%     74.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            1      0.19%     74.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            5      0.93%     75.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            5      0.93%     76.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            2      0.37%     76.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            4      0.74%     77.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            5      0.93%     78.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            2      0.37%     78.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            1      0.19%     79.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            1      0.19%     79.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            1      0.19%     79.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            1      0.19%     79.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            1      0.19%     79.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.19%     79.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.37%     80.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            1      0.19%     80.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            2      0.37%     80.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.19%     81.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            1      0.19%     81.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            1      0.19%     81.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            2      0.37%     81.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            2      0.37%     82.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            2      0.37%     82.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            1      0.19%     82.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.19%     82.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.19%     83.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.19%     83.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.19%     83.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            2      0.37%     83.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.19%     84.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.19%     84.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.19%     84.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.19%     84.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.19%     84.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.19%     84.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.37%     85.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.19%     85.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.19%     85.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.19%     85.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.37%     86.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.19%     86.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            3      0.56%     87.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.19%     87.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            2      0.37%     87.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.19%     87.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.19%     87.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.19%     88.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.56%     88.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           54     10.02%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8896-8897            1      0.19%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9217            1      0.19%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9472-9473            1      0.19%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10304-10305            1      0.19%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10753            1      0.19%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13248-13249            1      0.19%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13569            1      0.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       32523250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 260419500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     59720000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   168176250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2722.98                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14080.40                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21803.37                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.05                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.05                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.15                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.14                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11606                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1524                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  88.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     53135921.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1204458                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6108                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6108                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5842                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5842                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        25628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         25628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       875392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     875392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 875392                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            13751000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           56706000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77509857                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72499965                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4196923                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77240614                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        76960623                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.637508                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          265685                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           73                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100797820                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15146                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1100812966                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441312928                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1543                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441314471                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1542110748                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16689                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1542127437                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217672459                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               127                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217672586                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1453586690                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    217976224                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2569075485                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77509857                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77226308                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357056312                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33078066                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      849657672                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           86                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3381                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217672459                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         26275                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1453507398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.767501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.163904                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1096451086     75.43%     75.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4471426      0.31%     75.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4239275      0.29%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            20922      0.00%     76.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8691480      0.60%     76.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           532433      0.04%     76.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63499700      4.37%     81.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67172150      4.62%     85.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208428926     14.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1453507398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.053323                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.767404                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        340711000                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     730897626                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         134516220                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     218569126                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28813425                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4743940                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           307                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2537332600                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           957                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28813425                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        352318096                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       112058612                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15975183                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341736453                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     602605628                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2519418914                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            69                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          16889                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     598377191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967062646                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3598338777                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3593241820                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5096957                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1784969328                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182093318                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1054440                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         995754965                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1149840616                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470345847                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641264283                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    315852625                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509067219                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          227                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2390289891                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8848                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    221968280                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    194179649                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           48                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1453507398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.644498                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    295769016     20.35%     20.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    404992790     27.86%     48.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    425044151     29.24%     77.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    184676233     12.71%     90.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    134547496      9.26%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8167614      0.56%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26912      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       274914      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8272      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1453507398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14569      0.37%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          200      0.01%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             4      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         279925      7.07%      7.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3665425     92.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       524295      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     717999437     30.04%     30.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118511722      4.96%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1336766      0.06%     35.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2227      0.00%     35.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       792180      0.03%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11615      0.00%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262893      0.01%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1109257438     46.41%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441591318     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2390289891                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.644408                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3960123                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6230054890                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2727099566                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2376922650                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      8001261                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4006271                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4000403                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2389724986                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         4000733                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439329037                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106546995                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2546                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        70941                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41156185                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          821                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28813425                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          554185                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         21786                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2509352435                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6047                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1149840616                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470345847                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          139                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           6095                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          8341                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        70941                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4196482                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          890                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4197372                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2381555816                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1100812968                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8734075                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                284989                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1542127455                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         72969958                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441314487                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.638400                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2380971069                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2380923053                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1812050188                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1813037170                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.637964                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999456                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    221978597                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4196628                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1424693973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.605517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.318104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    588176863     41.28%     41.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    457031845     32.08%     73.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    132956970      9.33%     82.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9186537      0.64%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        30961      0.00%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62656770      4.40%     87.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     59234648      4.16%     91.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     55305490      3.88%     95.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     60113889      4.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1424693973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287370520                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287370520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472483283                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043293621                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72675806                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3996075                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2280760700                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      60113889                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3873926016                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5047514044                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    2154                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                   79292                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287094044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287094044                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287094044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.635561                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.635561                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.573414                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.573414                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3386605552                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1863477407                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2708486                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2676876                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          547407                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         262300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4049                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8053.872780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       38454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.177491                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5554.489175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    33.898980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2465.385526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.079039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.020060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.678038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.300950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.983139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   16889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            27309                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 27309                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7808                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  7808                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         24697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    24697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        24697                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   24697                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5842                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5842                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  11951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          554                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11397                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 11951                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40937750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    342363250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       383301000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    372937000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     372937000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40937750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    715300250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        756238000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40937750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    715300250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       756238000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               22998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        27309                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             27309                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        13650                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             13650                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                36648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               36648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.247505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.265632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.427985                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.427985                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.326102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.326102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73894.855596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61631.548155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62743.656900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63837.213283                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63837.213283                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73894.855596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62762.152321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63278.219396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73894.855596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62762.152321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63278.219396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1728                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1728                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5842                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5842                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             11951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            11951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34587250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    278535750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    313123000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    305803000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    305803000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34587250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    584338750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    618926000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34587250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    584338750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    618926000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.247505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.265632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.427985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.326102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.326102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62431.859206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50141.449145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51256.015715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52345.600822                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52345.600822                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62431.859206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51271.277529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51788.636934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62431.859206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51271.277529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51788.636934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                     5631840                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              22998                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             22997                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            27309                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            13650                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           13650                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side        99497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       100604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        35392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      4057792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   4093184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               4093184                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           59287500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            963250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          56937250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               243                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           455.981713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217674856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          293362.339623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   329.976549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   126.005164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.644485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.246104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.890589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217671641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217671641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217671641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217671641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217671641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217671641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          818                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           818                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57535250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57535250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57535250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     57535250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57535250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     57535250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217672459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217672459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217672459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217672459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217672459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217672459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70336.491443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70336.491443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70336.491443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70336.491443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70336.491443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70336.491443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          365                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    91.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          264                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          264                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41493250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41493250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41493250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41493250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41493250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41493250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74897.563177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74897.563177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74897.563177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74897.563177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74897.563177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74897.563177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             35684                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           487.966501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1090571601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             36172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          30149.607459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   487.964806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.953056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.953060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    661414974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       661414974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    429155837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      429155837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090570811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1090570811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090570811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1090570811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        53018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         53018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        33748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        33748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        86766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          86766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        86766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         86766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2371806250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2371806250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1750835391                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1750835391                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4122641641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4122641641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4122641641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4122641641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661467992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661467992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429189585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429189585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090657577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090657577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090657577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090657577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000079                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000079                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44735.868007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44735.868007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51879.678529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51879.678529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47514.483104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47514.483104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47514.483104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47514.483104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6032                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               179                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    33.698324                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        27309                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             27309                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        30567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        30567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        20108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        20108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        50675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        50675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        50675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        50675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        13640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        36091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        36091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    534340750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    534340750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    464891749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    464891749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    999232499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    999232499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    999232499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    999232499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23800.309563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23800.309563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34082.972801                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34082.972801                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27686.473054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27686.473054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27686.473054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27686.473054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
