
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.016839                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16839116500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                16840827500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  20031                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    20031                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                7358605                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750240                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2288.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    45838228                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      45838228                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       705984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               755520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       179840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            179840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 11805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2810                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2810                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      2941722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     41925240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                44866962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2941722                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            2941722                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          10679895                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               10679895                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          10679895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      2941722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     41925240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               55546857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         11805                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         2810                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          14615                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       755520                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    179840                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 755520                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 179840                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        5                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   619                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   566                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   806                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   649                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   672                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   470                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   739                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1040                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   879                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   818                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  962                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 1005                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  716                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  571                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  585                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  703                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   184                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                   128                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                   199                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                   179                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    86                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    51                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   182                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   328                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   208                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   178                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                  303                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                  270                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                  126                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   49                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   85                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  254                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     16838887000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   11805                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   2810                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         1944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      480.724280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     172.929107                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1233.737952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            835     42.95%     42.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129          312     16.05%     59.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          152      7.82%     66.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          105      5.40%     72.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           90      4.63%     76.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           47      2.42%     79.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           28      1.44%     80.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           27      1.39%     82.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           31      1.59%     83.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           30      1.54%     85.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           25      1.29%     86.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           17      0.87%     87.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           22      1.13%     88.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           19      0.98%     89.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           11      0.57%     90.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           13      0.67%     90.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           15      0.77%     91.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            9      0.46%     91.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            6      0.31%     92.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           11      0.57%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           12      0.62%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            8      0.41%     93.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473           11      0.57%     94.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           12      0.62%     95.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            5      0.26%     95.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            5      0.26%     95.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            1      0.05%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            2      0.10%     95.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            3      0.15%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            2      0.10%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.05%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.10%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.05%     96.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            1      0.05%     96.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            4      0.21%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            3      0.15%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            3      0.15%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            4      0.21%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.05%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.05%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.15%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.10%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.05%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.05%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.05%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.05%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.05%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.05%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.05%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.05%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.05%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.05%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.05%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.05%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.05%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.05%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.10%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           36      1.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           1944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       91710250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 280647750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     59000000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   129937500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        7772.06                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    11011.65                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  23783.71                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          44.87                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          10.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  44.87                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  10.68                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.02                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.88                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      10974                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1688                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  60.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1152164.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     55546857                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              2810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7834                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7834                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        26420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         26420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       935360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     935360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 935360                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            18547500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           56007750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         1199288                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      1137078                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        76768                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups       403611                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits          387776                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     96.076668                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           13976                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           87                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             20918696                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                407                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         20919103                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             6802386                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2211                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         6804597                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             27721082                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2618                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         27723700                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             3705683                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               129                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         3705812                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 33678233                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles      3811406                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               51480945                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             1199288                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches       401752                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles               6708870                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          727318                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       22128232                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           85                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3383                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3705683                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         11962                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     33276046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.547087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.132529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         26567176     79.84%     79.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           129285      0.39%     80.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            98400      0.30%     80.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            33128      0.10%     80.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            36638      0.11%     80.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            24310      0.07%     80.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            13576      0.04%     80.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           282346      0.85%     81.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6091187     18.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     33276046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.035610                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.528612                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          6654753                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      19338105                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           3841676                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2817766                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         623745                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        46213                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           337                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       51099942                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1071                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         623745                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          7414333                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         5550364                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1350301                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5796160                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12541142                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       50625105                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents             4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         296288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      12025764                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     42219384                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      73911723                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     72897388                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1014335                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      38170776                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          4048608                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        55104                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          144                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          21625979                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     21849224                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      7152015                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13941620                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3120824                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           50262890                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          248                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          47919675                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         5258                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      4396991                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3785271                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           60                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     33276046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.440065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.247105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      8113573     24.38%     24.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     12276282     36.89%     61.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6178471     18.57%     79.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4088461     12.29%     92.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2144855      6.45%     98.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       419424      1.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        41062      0.12%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13188      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          730      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     33276046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             595      0.20%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              5      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.01%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         296483     98.48%     98.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          3931      1.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        22351      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      19242477     40.16%     40.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       410834      0.86%     41.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       276065      0.58%     41.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        25925      0.05%     41.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt        91228      0.19%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        20376      0.04%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        21671      0.05%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20994923     43.81%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6813825     14.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       47919675                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.422868                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              301054                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.006282                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    128150060                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     53884789                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47085884                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1271648                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       803247                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       625900                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       47562034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          636344                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      8422702                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1877778                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4178                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        28139                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       497765                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1934                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         623745                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          123637                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          6773                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     50307254                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      21849224                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7152015                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          156                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           2146                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           738                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        28139                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        22492                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        54561                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        77053                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      47815866                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      20919107                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       103809                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 44116                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             27723704                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          1044357                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            6804597                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.419785                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               47766948                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              47711784                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          39517882                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          40198090                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.416695                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983079                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      4433587                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          188                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        76446                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     32652301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.404745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.932842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10600405     32.46%     32.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13588899     41.62%     74.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4597821     14.08%     88.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       734232      2.25%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       593938      1.82%     92.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       395740      1.21%     93.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       223593      0.68%     94.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       156473      0.48%     94.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1761200      5.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     32652301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     45868158                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       45868158                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               26625696                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              19971446                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches             996179                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             572415                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          45475923                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        13687                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1761200                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             81187750                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           101228603                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    4886                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  402187                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            45834837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              45834837                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total      45834837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.734774                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.734774                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.360963                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.360963                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         69099370                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        39408013                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            624556                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           494599                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           26738                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          11332                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4073                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7116.119165                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       15504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     11952                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.297189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5882.762298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   335.915745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   774.455691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         91.105231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         31.880201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.718111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.041005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.094538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.011121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.003892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.868667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    6651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16603                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16603                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3600                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  3600                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         10238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    10251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        10238                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   10251                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  3972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7834                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                7834                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  11806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11031                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 11806                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55658500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    215683000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       271341500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    499074750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     499074750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55658500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    714757750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        770416250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55658500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    714757750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       770416250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               10623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16603                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16603                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11434                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11434                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                22057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               22057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.373906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.685150                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.685150                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.518642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.535250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.518642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.535250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71817.419355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67464.185174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68313.569990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63706.248404                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63706.248404                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71817.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64795.372133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65256.331526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71817.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64795.372133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65256.331526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2810                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2810                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             3972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7834                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           7834                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             11806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            11806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     46765500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    178976000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225741500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    409049250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    409049250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     46765500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    588025250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    634790750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     46765500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    588025250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    634790750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.373906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.685150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.685150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.518642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.535250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.518642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.535250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60342.580645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55982.483578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56833.207452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52214.609395                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52214.609395                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60342.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53306.613181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53768.486363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60342.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53306.613181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53768.486363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   146930274                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              10623                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             10622                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            16603                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11434                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11434                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side        59141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                        60716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        50368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      2423808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   2474176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               2474176                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           35933000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1370000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          34598000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           485.840125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             3707726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               976                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           3798.899590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   403.044189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    82.795936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.787196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.161711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3704511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         3704511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3704511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          3704511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3704511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         3704511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79372750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79372750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79372750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79372750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79372750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79372750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3705683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3705683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3705683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      3705683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3705683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      3705683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67724.189420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67724.189420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67724.189420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67724.189420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67724.189420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67724.189420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          101                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    33.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56579500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56579500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56579500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56579500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56579500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56579500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71801.395939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71801.395939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71801.395939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71801.395939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71801.395939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71801.395939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             20896                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           449.560792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            19072872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             21347                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            893.468497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   449.488486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.072306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.877907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.878048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12467874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        12467874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6604205                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6604205                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     19072079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         19072079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     19072079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        19072079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        27455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         27455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        49966                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        49966                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        77421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          77421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        77421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         77421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    896359250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    896359250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2516636158                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2516636158                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       171250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       171250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3412995408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3412995408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3412995408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3412995408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12495329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12495329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6654171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6654171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19149500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19149500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19149500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19149500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007509                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007509                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32648.306319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32648.306319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50366.972701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50366.972701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24464.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24464.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44083.587244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44083.587244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44083.587244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44083.587244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       120329                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1490                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    80.757718                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16603                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             16603                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        17623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        17623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        38532                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        38532                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        56155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        56155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        56155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        56155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         9832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        21266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    292180000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    292180000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    546565000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    546565000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    838745000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    838745000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    838745000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    838745000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29717.249797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29717.249797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47801.731677                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47801.731677                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39440.656447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39440.656447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39440.656447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39440.656447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
