
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.181201                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                181201058500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               181202769500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31304                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    31304                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9942150                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750524                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 18225.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   570525188                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     570525188                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        59904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4731968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4791872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        59904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           59904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2137856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2137856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        73937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 74873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           33404                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                33404                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       330594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     26114461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                26445055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       330594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             330594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          11798253                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               11798253                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          11798253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       330594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     26114461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               38243309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         74873                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        33404                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         108277                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      4791872                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2137856                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                4791872                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2137856                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       10                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4676                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4615                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4660                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  4696                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  4880                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  4720                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4669                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4430                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  4555                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  4616                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 4794                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4766                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 4747                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 4700                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 4675                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4664                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2095                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2088                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2116                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2104                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2069                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2084                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2189                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1994                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2003                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2055                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2019                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2100                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2125                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2109                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2123                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2131                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    181200767000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   74873                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  33404                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     55965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4917                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      569.560510                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     229.200623                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1134.596561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           3915     32.21%     32.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1832     15.07%     47.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1126      9.26%     56.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          805      6.62%     63.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          484      3.98%     67.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          403      3.32%     70.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          331      2.72%     73.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          321      2.64%     75.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          184      1.51%     77.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          153      1.26%     78.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          115      0.95%     79.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          126      1.04%     80.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           95      0.78%     81.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           88      0.72%     82.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          114      0.94%     83.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          135      1.11%     84.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           83      0.68%     84.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           62      0.51%     85.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           71      0.58%     85.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          191      1.57%     87.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           62      0.51%     88.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           57      0.47%     88.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          413      3.40%     91.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          364      2.99%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           31      0.26%     95.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           25      0.21%     95.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           23      0.19%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           13      0.11%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           11      0.09%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           10      0.08%     95.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            9      0.07%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           11      0.09%     95.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           12      0.10%     96.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            8      0.07%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            8      0.07%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           10      0.08%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            7      0.06%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            5      0.04%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            8      0.07%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            7      0.06%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            6      0.05%     96.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            6      0.05%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.01%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           12      0.10%     96.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           10      0.08%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            8      0.07%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            6      0.05%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            7      0.06%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            8      0.07%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            5      0.04%     97.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           10      0.08%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            5      0.04%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            2      0.02%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            5      0.04%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            4      0.03%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            3      0.02%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            4      0.03%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.02%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            6      0.05%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            3      0.02%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            7      0.06%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            6      0.05%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            7      0.06%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            4      0.03%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           12      0.10%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            5      0.04%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            4      0.03%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            4      0.03%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            5      0.04%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            5      0.04%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            6      0.05%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            3      0.02%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            5      0.04%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            6      0.05%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            2      0.02%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            3      0.02%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            3      0.02%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            4      0.03%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            6      0.05%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            4      0.03%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.01%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.01%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            3      0.02%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            3      0.02%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.02%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            3      0.02%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.02%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            3      0.02%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            3      0.02%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            4      0.03%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.01%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            3      0.02%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            6      0.05%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.01%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            4      0.03%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            2      0.02%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.01%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.02%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            3      0.02%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            3      0.02%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            4      0.03%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            3      0.02%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            5      0.04%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.02%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.02%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            2      0.02%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.02%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            6      0.05%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            4      0.03%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            1      0.01%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.01%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.01%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.02%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.01%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            2      0.02%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.01%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.01%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            4      0.03%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.02%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            1      0.01%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            2      0.02%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.03%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          109      0.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      701593500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1995879750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    374315000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   919971250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9371.70                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12288.73                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26660.43                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          26.45                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          11.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  26.45                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  11.80                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.68                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      69865                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     26239                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  78.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1673492.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     38243309                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               39427                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              39427                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             33404                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             35446                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            35446                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       183150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        183150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      6929728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    6929728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                6929728                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           187754500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          355081250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        57733777                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     46670861                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       711197                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     37055127                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        36876530                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.518024                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2993357                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         3990                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            187701069                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1111                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        187702180                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            78249425                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4750                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        78254175                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            265950494                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5861                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        265956355                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            66007958                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               176                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        66008134                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               105679                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                362403689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     66495081                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              618762712                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            57733777                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     39869887                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             103686681                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         5808462                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      182581170                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           93                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         4681                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          66007958                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        254891                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    357691622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.729878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.004275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        254004941     71.01%     71.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          6422048      1.80%     72.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6733548      1.88%     74.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          9687604      2.71%     77.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          7419678      2.07%     79.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          9287357      2.60%     82.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6779054      1.90%     83.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5838201      1.63%     85.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         51519191     14.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    357691622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.159308                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.707385                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         85541999                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     164036320                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          87522847                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      15676138                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4914317                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      6322040                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          9615                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      615852116                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1157                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4914317                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         95261406                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        43571732                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     48513110                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          92959614                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      72471442                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      612377679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           397                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       19047140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      46631559                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    472726105                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     869804784                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    864431546                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5373238                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     442552452                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         30173653                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1279980                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       317248                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         145673548                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    191133536                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     80374962                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     75132577                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     20884542                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          604117790                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       528768                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         590329750                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       411482                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     33600989                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24585013                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          304                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    357691622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.650387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.651896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    109070517     30.49%     30.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     90450065     25.29%     55.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     64062762     17.91%     73.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     44774512     12.52%     86.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     26173856      7.32%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     12944702      3.62%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5066423      1.42%     98.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3577127      1.00%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1571658      0.44%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    357691622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          829858     17.18%     17.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           4411      0.09%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            17      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             1      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           39      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     17.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        3451638     71.46%     88.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        543925     11.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       105661      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     315091474     53.38%     53.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      6469447      1.10%     54.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     54.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       991753      0.17%     54.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       279963      0.05%     54.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       234630      0.04%     54.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        55324      0.01%     54.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        58791      0.01%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        51265      0.01%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    188562192     31.94%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     78429250     13.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      590329750                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.628929                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             4829889                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.008182                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1537071572                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    634748128                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    584720389                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      6520921                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      3687726                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3186547                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      591732987                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3320991                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     58736049                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     11081104                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        72281                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       193569                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3684167                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       228155                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        17282                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4914317                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        10637788                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2441597                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    609227183                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53980                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     191133536                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     80374962                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       317240                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1745874                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         44102                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       193569                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       549520                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       169906                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       719426                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     589341746                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     187702182                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       988004                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4580625                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            265956357                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         55206537                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           78254175                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.626202                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              588338728                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             587906936                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         421394370                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         479359182                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.622243                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.879079                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     34613343                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       528464                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       701601                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    352777305                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.629377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.582778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    162959725     46.19%     46.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    101813404     28.86%     75.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     25463508      7.22%     82.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8573676      2.43%     84.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5525110      1.57%     86.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2662969      0.75%     87.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1858393      0.53%     87.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1583883      0.45%     88.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     42336637     12.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    352777305                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    574807368                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      574807368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              256743227                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             180052432                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              211391                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           53898796                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2948214                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         563540101                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2852065                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      42336637                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            919848899                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1223766364                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  263760                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4712067                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           570521797                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             570521797                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     570521797                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.635214                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.635214                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.574271                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.574271                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        837867169                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       455947189                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           3366391                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1803981                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1272225                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         422784                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     66988                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8166.231153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     9587922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     75101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    127.667035                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               28262073000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1632.702347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    73.452758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6459.830195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.194624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.051228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.199304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.008966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.788553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6006786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 6006789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          3616487                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               3616487                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1472971                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1472971                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       7479757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7479760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7479757                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7479760                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        38491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 39428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        35446                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               35446                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        73937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  74874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        73937                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 74874                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64758250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2444852250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2509610500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2592360750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2592360750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64758250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5037213000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5101971250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64758250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5037213000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5101971250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6045277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             6046217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3616487                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           3616487                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1508417                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1508417                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7553694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7554634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7553694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7554634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.006521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023499                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.023499                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.009911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.009911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69112.326574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63517.504092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63650.464137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73135.494837                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73135.494837                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69112.326574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68128.447192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68140.759810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69112.326574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68128.447192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68140.759810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                33404                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     33404                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        38491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            39428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        35446                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          35446                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             74874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            74874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54003750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2002822750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2056826500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2185236250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2185236250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54003750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4188059000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4242062750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54003750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4188059000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4242062750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.006521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.009911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.009911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57634.738527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52033.533813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52166.645531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61649.727755                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61649.727755                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57634.738527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56643.615511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56656.018778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57634.738527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56643.615511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56656.018778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  3945626399                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            6046217                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           6046216                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          3616487                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1508417                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1508417                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1879                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     18723875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     18725754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    714891584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 714951680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             714951680                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         9202047500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1637999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       11348439250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               616                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           502.352728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            66009693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1128                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          58519.231383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      181199098750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   456.737740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    45.614988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.892066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.089092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66006478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        66006478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66006478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         66006478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66006478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        66006478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98700499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98700499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98700499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98700499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98700499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98700499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66007958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     66007958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66007958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     66007958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66007958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     66007958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66689.526351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66689.526351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66689.526351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66689.526351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66689.526351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66689.526351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65732001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65732001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65732001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65732001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65732001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65732001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69927.660638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69927.660638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69927.660638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69927.660638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69927.660638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69927.660638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           7553638                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           133.994458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           186637818                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           7553772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             24.707897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   133.987658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.006800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.261695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.261708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    114973713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       114973713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     71247146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       71247146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       204926                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       204926                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       211391                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       211391                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    186220859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        186220859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    186220859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       186220859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     13543790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      13543790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5232258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5232258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6466                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6466                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     18776048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       18776048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     18776048                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      18776048                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 152605324250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 152605324250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  78971610180                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  78971610180                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     87496750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     87496750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 231576934430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 231576934430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 231576934430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 231576934430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    128517503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    128517503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     76479404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     76479404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       211392                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       211392                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       211391                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       211391                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    204996907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    204996907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    204996907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    204996907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.105385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.105385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068414                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.068414                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030588                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.030588                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.091592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.091592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.091592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.091592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11267.549501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11267.549501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15093.217915                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15093.217915                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13531.820291                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13531.820291                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12333.635621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12333.635621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12333.635621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12333.635621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       758368                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             11899                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    63.733759                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3616487                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3616487                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7497858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7497858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3724499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3724499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         6463                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         6463                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11222357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     11222357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11222357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     11222357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6045932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6045932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1507759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1507759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7553691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7553691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7553691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7553691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  70387502750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  70387502750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19452602996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19452602996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  89840105746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  89840105746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  89840105746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  89840105746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019715                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019715                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11642.126102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11642.126102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12901.665980                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12901.665980                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11893.537311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11893.537311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11893.537311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11893.537311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
