
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.016557                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16556937000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                16558648000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  21642                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    21642                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                7765570                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750360                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2132.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    46143272                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      46143272                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       761920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               811328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       211648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            211648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11905                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 12677                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            3307                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 3307                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      2984127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     46018174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                49002300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2984127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            2984127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          12783041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               12783041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          12783041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      2984127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     46018174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               61785341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         12677                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         3307                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          15984                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       811328                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    211648                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 811328                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 211648                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        5                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   724                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   664                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   839                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   677                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   714                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   509                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   789                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1095                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   961                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   881                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 1007                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 1040                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  749                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  620                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  657                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  746                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   238                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                   180                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                   228                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                   196                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                   103                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    80                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   211                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   351                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   256                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   230                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                  338                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                  276                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                  150                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   69                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  139                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  262                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     16556708000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   12677                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   3307                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      8019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1189                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         2541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      401.051555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     156.673277                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1089.049333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           1130     44.47%     44.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129          438     17.24%     61.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          222      8.74%     70.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          143      5.63%     76.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          102      4.01%     80.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           66      2.60%     82.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           47      1.85%     84.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           38      1.50%     86.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           42      1.65%     87.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           32      1.26%     88.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           17      0.67%     89.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           16      0.63%     90.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           27      1.06%     91.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           23      0.91%     92.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           21      0.83%     93.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           12      0.47%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            8      0.31%     93.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            4      0.16%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            8      0.31%     94.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           10      0.39%     94.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            7      0.28%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            9      0.35%     95.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            3      0.12%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           11      0.43%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            6      0.24%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            4      0.16%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            4      0.16%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            1      0.04%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            4      0.16%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            2      0.08%     96.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.04%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            4      0.16%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.08%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            3      0.12%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            3      0.12%     97.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            2      0.08%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            3      0.12%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            4      0.16%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            2      0.08%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            1      0.04%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            4      0.16%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            1      0.04%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.12%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.08%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.04%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.04%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.04%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            2      0.08%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            2      0.08%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.04%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.04%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.04%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.04%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.08%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           36      1.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           2541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      100340250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 311416500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     63360000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   147716250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        7918.26                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    11656.90                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  24575.17                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          49.00                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          12.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  49.00                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  12.78                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.02                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.96                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11620                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1800                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   91.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  54.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1035830.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     61785341                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4685                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4685                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              3307                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7992                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7992                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        28661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         28661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      1022976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    1022976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                1022976                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            21220000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           60150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         1213601                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      1151301                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        77380                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups       395812                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits          389615                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.434358                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           13956                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           81                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             21026424                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                420                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         21026844                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             6816792                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2209                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         6819001                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             27843216                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2629                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         27845845                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             3722939                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               127                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         3723066                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 33113874                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles      3827791                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               51741862                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             1213601                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches       403571                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles               6742292                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          717946                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       21466941                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           84                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3354                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3722939                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         12039                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     32655924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.584456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.160812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         25913632     79.35%     79.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           129330      0.40%     79.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            99176      0.30%     80.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            32886      0.10%     80.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            36923      0.11%     80.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            24130      0.07%     80.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            13442      0.04%     80.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           284712      0.87%     81.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6121693     18.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     32655924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.036649                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.562543                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          6663314                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      18684683                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           3858597                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2834188                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         615141                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        46317                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           335                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       51360274                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1049                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         615141                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          7415882                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         5287861                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1344190                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5845701                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12147148                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       50882494                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         254995                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      11669614                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     42455018                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      74279916                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     73265897                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1014019                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      38445758                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          4009260                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        55031                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          143                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          21172380                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     21933126                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      7159795                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13837951                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3017981                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           50514164                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          251                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          48212630                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         5641                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      4343449                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3725093                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           63                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     32655924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.476382                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      7838632     24.00%     24.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     11633262     35.62%     59.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6259794     19.17%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4207075     12.88%     91.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2224231      6.81%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       430734      1.32%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        48146      0.15%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13315      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          735      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     32655924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             589      0.20%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              3      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.01%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         287007     97.81%     98.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          5791      1.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        22323      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      19401120     40.24%     40.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       423662      0.88%     41.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       275931      0.57%     41.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        25920      0.05%     41.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt        91280      0.19%     41.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        20316      0.04%     42.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        21659      0.04%     42.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21102539     43.77%     85.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6827880     14.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       48212630                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.455965                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              293430                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.006086                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    128109126                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     54081817                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47378606                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1271129                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       802309                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       625592                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       47847688                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          636049                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      8524102                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1850143                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4550                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        26462                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       489379                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2253                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         615141                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          127893                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          6238                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     50558474                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2165                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      21933126                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7159795                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          160                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           1186                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           728                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        26462                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        22845                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        54844                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        77689                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      48109227                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      21026848                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       103403                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 44059                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             27845849                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          1058512                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            6819001                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.452842                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               48058829                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              48004198                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          39784545                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          40469460                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.449670                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983076                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      4379649                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          188                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        77062                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     32040783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.441076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.979125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10316610     32.20%     32.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13234162     41.30%     73.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4516278     14.10%     87.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       735961      2.30%     89.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       589990      1.84%     91.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       404041      1.26%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225039      0.70%     93.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       181428      0.57%     94.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1837274      5.73%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     32040783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     46173188                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       46173188                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               26753399                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              20082983                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            1010089                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             572573                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          45780641                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        13673                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1837274                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             80751198                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           101722131                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    5363                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  457950                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            46139881                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              46139881                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total      46139881                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.717684                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.717684                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.393370                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.393370                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         69521258                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        39671620                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            624176                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           494317                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           26710                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          11318                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4829                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7093.635400                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       14946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.173616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5837.966303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   336.514699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   796.246485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         90.920134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         31.987779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.712642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.041078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.097198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.011099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.003905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.865922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    6518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16369                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16369                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3627                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  3627                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         10134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    10145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        10134                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   10145                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7992                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                7992                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  12678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11905                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 12678                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53723000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    273557500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       327280500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    510080500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     510080500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53723000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    783638000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        837361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53723000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    783638000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       837361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        10420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               11204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16369                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16369                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11619                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11619                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                22823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               22823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.375528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.418243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.687839                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.687839                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.540179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.555492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.540179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.555492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69499.353169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69909.915666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69842.189501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63823.886386                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63823.886386                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69499.353169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65824.275514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66048.351475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69499.353169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65824.275514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66048.351475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3307                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3307                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7992                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           7992                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             12678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            12678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44852000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    228626500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    273478500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    418228500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    418228500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44852000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    646855000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    691707000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44852000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    646855000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    691707000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.375528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.418243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.687839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.687839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.540179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.555492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.540179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.555492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58023.285899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58427.421416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58360.755442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52330.893393                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52330.893393                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58023.285899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54334.733305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54559.630857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58023.285899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54334.733305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54559.630857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   151490822                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              11204                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             11203                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            16369                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11619                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11619                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side        60447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                        62014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        50112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      2458112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   2508224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               2508224                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           35965000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1364000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          35971000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               463                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           485.913212                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             3724987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           3832.291152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   403.211893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    82.701319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.787523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.161526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.949049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3721772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         3721772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3721772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          3721772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3721772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         3721772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78159750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78159750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78159750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78159750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78159750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78159750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3722939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3722939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3722939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      3722939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3722939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      3722939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66974.935733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66974.935733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66974.935733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66974.935733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66974.935733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66974.935733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54619000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54619000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54619000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54619000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54619000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54619000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69667.091837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69667.091837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69667.091837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69667.091837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69667.091837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69667.091837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             21605                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           510.450867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            19092746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             22117                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            863.261111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         108770750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.377328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.073538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.996831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12472361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        12472361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6619592                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6619592                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     19091953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         19091953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     19091953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        19091953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         29005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        50745                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        50745                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        79750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          79750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        79750                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         79750                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1006334500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1006334500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2548506631                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2548506631                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       171250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       171250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3554841131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3554841131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3554841131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3554841131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12501366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12501366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6670337                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6670337                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19171703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19171703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19171703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19171703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007608                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007608                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34695.207723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34695.207723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50221.827392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50221.827392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24464.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24464.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44574.810420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44574.810420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44574.810420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44574.810420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       121490                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1566                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    77.579821                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16369                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             16369                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        18586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        39128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        39128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        57714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        57714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        10419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    349315000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    349315000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    557949000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    557949000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    907264000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    907264000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    907264000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    907264000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33526.730012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33526.730012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48028.664888                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48028.664888                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41171.900526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41171.900526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41171.900526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41171.900526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
