
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.124174                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                124173687500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               124175398500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26148                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    26148                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8436209                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750512                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14719.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   384874614                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     384874614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        58688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       526144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               584832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        58688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           58688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        36992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total             36992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         8221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  9138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks             578                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                  578                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       472628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      4237162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 4709790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       472628                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             472628                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            297905                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 297905                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            297905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       472628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      4237162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                5007695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          9138                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                          578                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           9716                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       584832                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                     36992                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 584832                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                  36992                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       22                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   406                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   527                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   396                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   464                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   724                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   598                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   808                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   855                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   583                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   544                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  577                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  548                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  506                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  564                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  601                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  415                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     4                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    56                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   183                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                    89                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                    11                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                    14                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    7                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   17                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   38                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   72                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                   68                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    124173368500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    9138                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                    578                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      4159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2011                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          473                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1307.467230                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     258.817908                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2586.466372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            201     42.49%     42.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           58     12.26%     54.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           27      5.71%     60.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           16      3.38%     63.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           13      2.75%     66.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           11      2.33%     68.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            5      1.06%     69.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           10      2.11%     72.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            9      1.90%     74.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            9      1.90%     75.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            4      0.85%     76.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            3      0.63%     77.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            5      1.06%     78.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            5      1.06%     79.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            1      0.21%     79.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            2      0.42%     80.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            1      0.21%     80.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            1      0.21%     80.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            3      0.63%     81.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            2      0.42%     81.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            1      0.21%     81.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            1      0.21%     82.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            3      0.63%     82.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            1      0.21%     82.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            1      0.21%     83.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            2      0.42%     83.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            3      0.63%     84.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            2      0.42%     84.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            2      0.42%     84.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.21%     85.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.21%     85.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            2      0.42%     85.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.21%     86.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            3      0.63%     86.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.21%     86.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.21%     87.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.21%     87.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.21%     87.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.21%     87.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.21%     87.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.21%     88.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.21%     88.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.21%     88.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.21%     88.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.21%     89.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.42%     89.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           50     10.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            473                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       77132250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 193236000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     45580000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    70523750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8461.19                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     7736.26                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21197.46                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.71                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   4.71                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.30                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.72                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       8806                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                       412                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   96.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  71.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     12780297.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      5007695                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               578                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6741                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6741                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        18854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         18854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       621824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     621824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 621824                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             7170000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43377000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        49800729                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     39612312                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       623324                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     34529081                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        30608083                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     88.644360                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2778572                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         6204                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            111970797                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                301                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        111971098                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            52884587                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2289                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        52886876                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            164855384                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2590                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        164857974                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            49088155                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               345                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        49088500                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                97065                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                248348361                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     49519127                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              425675366                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            49800729                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     33386655                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              75098540                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         4844602                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      119254614                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           95                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         7901                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          49088155                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        233690                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    247967655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.716657                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.936989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        172869115     69.71%     69.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5342502      2.15%     71.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6088364      2.46%     74.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          7795671      3.14%     77.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          6000331      2.42%     79.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          7382099      2.98%     82.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          5412845      2.18%     85.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5233590      2.11%     87.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         31843138     12.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    247967655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.200528                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.714025                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         60655444                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     108579529                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          65705481                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8947062                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4080138                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      5798432                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          7246                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      423034217                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1220                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4080138                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         67082709                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        23266739                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     44109991                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          67894671                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      41533406                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      420123610                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents             4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       10867247                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      25669234                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    314516114                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     591845541                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    587777105                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      4068436                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     289975376                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         24540738                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1221892                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       291317                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          86544001                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    114417718                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     54561000                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     36231587                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13545398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          412769083                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       485514                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         401783806                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       363644                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     27629139                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     19727738                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          112                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    247967655                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.620307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.717141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     82694986     33.35%     33.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     60445075     24.38%     57.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     41405843     16.70%     74.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     27831254     11.22%     85.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     16993258      6.85%     92.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     10149499      4.09%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4183432      1.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2902300      1.17%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1362008      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    247967655                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          745804     24.69%     24.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           3228      0.11%     24.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     24.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            13      0.00%     24.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     24.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     24.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     24.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     24.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     24.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     24.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     24.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     24.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     24.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     24.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     24.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     24.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     24.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     24.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     24.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     24.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     24.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     24.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     24.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     24.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     24.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     24.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     24.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1737032     57.50%     82.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        534900     17.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        97047      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     230901505     57.47%     57.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      3985367      0.99%     58.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       637789      0.16%     58.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       180005      0.04%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       149042      0.04%     58.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        35634      0.01%     58.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        37434      0.01%     58.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        31708      0.01%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    112680458     28.05%     86.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     53047817     13.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      401783806                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.617823                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3021017                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007519                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1050123244                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    438265040                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    397372822                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      4796684                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2732623                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2327440                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      402252264                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         2455512                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     28763149                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8555290                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        87831                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       117753                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3334969                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       237930                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        41804                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4080138                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6025440                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1841803                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    417410225                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        46006                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     114417718                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     54561000                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       291308                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1429736                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          2406                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       117753                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       446185                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       184183                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       630368                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     400970851                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     111971102                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       812955                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4155628                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            164857978                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         47368330                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           52886876                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.614550                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              400038831                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             399700262                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         269707315                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         321290423                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.609434                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.839450                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     29001665                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       485402                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       616098                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    243887517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.593677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.640645                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    124957497     51.24%     51.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     60922337     24.98%     76.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14582325      5.98%     82.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4684812      1.92%     84.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3746982      1.54%     85.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2011160      0.82%     86.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1516826      0.62%     87.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1332830      0.55%     87.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     30132748     12.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    243887517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    388677901                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      388677901                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              157088459                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             105862428                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              194167                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           46058566                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2126540                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         378863344                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2589037                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      30132748                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            631431995                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           839446858                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   36053                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  380706                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           384871223                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             384871223                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     384871223                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.645277                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.645277                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.549723                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.549723                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        566222220                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       301275620                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2442602                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1164380                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1168898                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         388335                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      1320                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7841.415425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    10164470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      9112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                   1115.503731                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6239.546801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   413.676811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1118.965239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         65.298388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          3.928186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.761663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.050498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.136592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.957204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5105373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5105427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5066067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5066067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1288221                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1288221                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            54                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       6393594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6393648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           54                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6393594                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6393648                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  2398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6741                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6741                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   9139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          918                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8221                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  9139                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62289250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     90919000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       153208250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    418984250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     418984250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62289250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    509903250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        572192500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62289250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    509903250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       572192500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5106853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5107825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5066067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5066067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1294962                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1294962                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6401815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              6402787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6401815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             6402787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.000469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005206                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.005206                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.001427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.001427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67853.213508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61431.756757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63890.012510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62154.613559                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62154.613559                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67853.213508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62024.479990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62609.968268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67853.213508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62024.479990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62609.968268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  578                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       578                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             2398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6741                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6741                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              9139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             9139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51752750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73932000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125684750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    341477750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    341477750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51752750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    415409750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    467162500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51752750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    415409750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    467162500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.001427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.001427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56375.544662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49954.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52412.322769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50656.838748                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50656.838748                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56375.544662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50530.318696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51117.463617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56375.544662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50530.318696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51117.463617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  5911128249                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5107825                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5107824                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5066067                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1294962                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1294962                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1943                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     17869697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     17871640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        62144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    733944448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 734006592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             734006592                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        10800494000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              8.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1681499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        9604752500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               648                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.562175                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            49089883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          42318.864655                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      124171601750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   465.579973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    41.982202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.909336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.081996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49086668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        49086668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49086668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         49086668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49086668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        49086668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93252749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93252749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93252749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93252749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93252749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93252749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49088155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     49088155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49088155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     49088155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49088155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     49088155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62712.003362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62712.003362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62712.003362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62712.003362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62712.003362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62712.003362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    38.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63805001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63805001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63805001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63805001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63805001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63805001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65643.005144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65643.005144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65643.005144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65643.005144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65643.005144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65643.005144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6401381                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           507.344027                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           118209755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6401893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             18.464813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       26184422500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   507.334222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.009805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.990887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     71223453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        71223453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     46599959                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       46599959                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       191534                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       191534                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       194167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       194167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    117823412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        117823412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    117823412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       117823412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11516777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      11516777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4431905                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4431905                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2634                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2634                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     15948682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       15948682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     15948682                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      15948682                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 125786302250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 125786302250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  61476741442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  61476741442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35735000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     35735000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 187263043692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 187263043692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 187263043692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 187263043692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     82740230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     82740230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51031864                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     51031864                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       194168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       194168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       194167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       194167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    133772094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    133772094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    133772094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    133772094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.139192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.139192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086846                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.086846                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013566                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013566                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.119223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.119223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10922.005545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10922.005545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13871.403255                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13871.403255                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13566.818527                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13566.818527                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11741.599945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11741.599945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11741.599945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11741.599945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       293394                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             36029                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.143273                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5066067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5066067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6409796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6409796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3137074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3137074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2631                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         2631                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9546870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      9546870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9546870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      9546870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5106981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5106981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1294831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1294831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6401812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6401812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6401812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6401812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57884913000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57884913000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15194579999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15194579999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73079492999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  73079492999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73079492999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  73079492999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025373                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025373                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11334.468055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11334.468055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11734.797822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11734.797822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11415.438785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11415.438785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11415.438785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11415.438785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
