
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.055974                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 55973880000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                55975590500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  37445                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    37445                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8185739                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750424                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6837.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   256045201                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     256045201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      9518208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              9580416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4752768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           4752768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       148722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                149694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           74262                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                74262                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1111376                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    170047315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               171158690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1111376                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1111376                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          84910462                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               84910462                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          84910462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1111376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    170047315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              256069152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        149695                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        74262                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         223957                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      9580416                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4752768                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                9580416                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                4752768                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       18                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  9652                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  9540                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  9481                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  9230                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  9388                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  9265                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  9263                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  9306                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  9243                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  9256                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 9262                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 9373                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 9404                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 9347                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 9268                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 9399                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  4613                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  4616                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  4654                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 4609                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 4660                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 4640                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 4614                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     55973850000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  149695                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  74262                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    149162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      3223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        11018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1296.705754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     562.480508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1992.119670                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           1651     14.98%     14.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1015      9.21%     24.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          361      3.28%     27.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          226      2.05%     29.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          252      2.29%     31.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          214      1.94%     33.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          465      4.22%     37.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          636      5.77%     43.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          231      2.10%     45.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          193      1.75%     47.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          145      1.32%     48.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          161      1.46%     50.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          190      1.72%     52.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          314      2.85%     54.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          791      7.18%     62.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          530      4.81%     66.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          182      1.65%     68.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          211      1.92%     70.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          168      1.52%     72.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          191      1.73%     73.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          196      1.78%     75.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          265      2.41%     77.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          976      8.86%     86.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           75      0.68%     87.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           46      0.42%     87.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           43      0.39%     88.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           32      0.29%     88.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           33      0.30%     88.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           23      0.21%     89.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           16      0.15%     89.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           15      0.14%     89.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           21      0.19%     89.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           20      0.18%     89.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           15      0.14%     89.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           11      0.10%     89.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           12      0.11%     90.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           11      0.10%     90.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           15      0.14%     90.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           12      0.11%     90.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            9      0.08%     90.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            8      0.07%     90.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           12      0.11%     90.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            3      0.03%     90.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            8      0.07%     90.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           11      0.10%     90.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           17      0.15%     91.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            4      0.04%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            7      0.06%     91.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            5      0.05%     91.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            6      0.05%     91.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            7      0.06%     91.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            5      0.05%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           12      0.11%     91.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           10      0.09%     91.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            4      0.04%     91.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            5      0.05%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            4      0.04%     91.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            4      0.04%     91.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            7      0.06%     91.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            2      0.02%     91.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            3      0.03%     91.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            2      0.02%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            7      0.06%     91.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            4      0.04%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            7      0.06%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            7      0.06%     92.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            4      0.04%     92.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            4      0.04%     92.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           11      0.10%     92.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.01%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            2      0.02%     92.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            6      0.05%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            2      0.02%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            5      0.05%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            4      0.04%     92.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            3      0.03%     92.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            7      0.06%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            6      0.05%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            2      0.02%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            3      0.03%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.01%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            2      0.02%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.01%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            3      0.03%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.02%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.01%     92.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            4      0.04%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.01%     92.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            3      0.03%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            7      0.06%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            8      0.07%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.02%     92.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            6      0.05%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            3      0.03%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            6      0.05%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            2      0.02%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.02%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            5      0.05%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.02%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.02%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.01%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            5      0.05%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            4      0.04%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            6      0.05%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            3      0.03%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.02%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.01%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            7      0.06%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.02%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            3      0.03%     93.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233           11      0.10%     93.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            7      0.06%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361           10      0.09%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            6      0.05%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            7      0.06%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.02%     93.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            4      0.04%     93.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            5      0.05%     93.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            5      0.05%     94.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            6      0.05%     94.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            3      0.03%     94.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            3      0.03%     94.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            7      0.06%     94.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            9      0.08%     94.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           14      0.13%     94.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          618      5.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          11018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      120632250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                3054964750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    748385000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  2185947500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         805.95                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14604.43                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20410.38                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         171.16                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          84.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 171.16                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  84.91                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.56                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     143059                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     69844                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       249931.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    256068009                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               75364                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              75362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             74262                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             74331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            74331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       373650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        373650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     14333120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   14333120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               14333120                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           409026500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          710056750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8741064                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3030898                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect         7911                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5557604                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5549970                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.862639                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2851639                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          112                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             73104821                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1416                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         73106237                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            24466773                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               715                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        24467488                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             97571594                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2131                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         97573725                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            23375539                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               101                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        23375640                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  166                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                111947760                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23405315                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              265160471                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8741064                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      8401609                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              38730466                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles           69517                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       39988907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1499                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          23375539                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          3480                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    102182297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.594975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.576128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         63451831     62.10%     62.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1351537      1.32%     63.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2568697      2.51%     65.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1275159      1.25%     67.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1538988      1.51%     68.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           799989      0.78%     69.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1882462      1.84%     71.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1113678      1.09%     72.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         28199956     27.60%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    102182297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.078082                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.368609                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         31796075                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      31605324                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          31834686                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6890681                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles          55530                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      2856744                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           484                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      265122118                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1535                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles          55530                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         33976088                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        13935340                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       121787                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          36558767                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      17534784                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      265064247                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents           4576                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      16130661                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    226128524                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     370809594                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    258186961                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    112622633                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     225720229                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           408295                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2513                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1603                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          52733383                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     73142044                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     24489331                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      9644989                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       727538                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          256446310                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2988                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         256255208                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         5083                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       404368                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       361247                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          115                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    102182297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.507824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.591050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     10834001     10.60%     10.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19073604     18.67%     29.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     23582063     23.08%     52.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     21177770     20.73%     73.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     15038937     14.72%     87.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      9114959      8.92%     96.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2860977      2.80%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       412125      0.40%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        87861      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    102182297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           13693      0.43%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            40      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt        425036     13.20%     13.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       226371      7.03%     20.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1222720     37.96%     58.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1332909     41.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          124      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      90339487     35.25%     35.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      5697552      2.22%     37.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     38588695     15.06%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     14551592      5.68%     58.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult      8540599      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       949098      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     73118793     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     24469265      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      256255208                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.289061                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3220769                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012569                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    459098810                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177742238                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    177133018                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    158819755                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     79115352                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79080977                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      179739829                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        79736024                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      9866178                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       129804                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          205                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3996                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        37913                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          724                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles          55530                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4079728                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        317167                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    264999672                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2509                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      73142044                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     24489331                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1599                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           8110                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         26457                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3996                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         4947                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2913                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7860                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     256236274                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      73106249                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18934                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               8550374                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             97573738                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          8730429                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           24467489                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.288891                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              256223481                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             256213995                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         218186059                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         246058372                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.288692                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.886725                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       384342                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2873                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7444                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    102126767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.590799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.279529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     40111367     39.28%     39.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26551103     26.00%     65.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3540142      3.47%     68.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1793608      1.76%     70.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1708514      1.67%     72.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1112219      1.09%     73.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1759990      1.72%     74.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1775985      1.74%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     23773839     23.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    102126767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    264589909                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      264589909                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               97463658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              73012240                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                1351                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            8720356                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           79058653                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         207968675                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2850486                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      23773839                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            343310292                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           530004226                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  150570                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 9765463                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           256041810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             256041810                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     256041810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.437225                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.437225                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.287154                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.287154                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        286544157                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       151540269                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          83818645                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         74335364                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         2533218                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           2703                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    141771                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7972.304070                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       85816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    149942                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.572328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5609.266387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    24.571670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2335.186366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          2.601094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.678552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.684725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.002999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.285057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.973182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        47071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   47144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           114676                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                114676                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        28486                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 28486                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         75557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    75630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        75557                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   75630                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 75364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74331                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               74331                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       148723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 149695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       148723                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                149695                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67692500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4583507750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4651200250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4613847500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4613847500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67692500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9197355250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       9265047750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67692500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9197355250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      9265047750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       121463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              122508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       114676                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            114676                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       102817                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            102817                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       224280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               225325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       224280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              225325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.612466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.615176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.722945                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.722945                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.663113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.664351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.663113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.664351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69642.489712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61612.912007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61716.472719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62071.645747                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62071.645747                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69642.489712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61842.184800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61892.833762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69642.489712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61842.184800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61892.833762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                74262                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     74262                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            75364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          74331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            149695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           149695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56525500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3728800250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3785325750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3760222500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3760222500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56525500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7489022750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7545548250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56525500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7489022750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7545548250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.612466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.615176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.722945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.663113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.664351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.663113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.664351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58153.806584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50123.672572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50227.240460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50587.540865                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50587.540865                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58153.806584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50355.511589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50406.147500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58153.806584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50355.511589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50406.147500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   388751611                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             122508                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            122506                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           114676                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           102817                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          102817                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       563234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       565324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        66880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     21693056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  21759936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              21759936                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          284676500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1805000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         372617750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               719                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           508.763163                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            23377280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          19036.872964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   497.472896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    11.290267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.971627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.022051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23374079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        23374079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23374079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         23374079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23374079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        23374079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95855249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95855249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95855249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95855249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95855249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95855249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23375539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23375539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23375539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     23375539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23375539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     23375539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65654.280137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65654.280137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65654.280137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65654.280137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65654.280137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65654.280137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          367                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    45.875000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          415                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          415                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69476000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69476000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69476000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69476000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69476000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69476000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66484.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66484.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66484.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66484.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66484.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66484.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            223922                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           435.578041                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            86885250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            224358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            387.261653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   435.524090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.053951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.850633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.850738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     62801476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        62801476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     24081007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       24081007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     86882483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         86882483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     86882483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        86882483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       435119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        435119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       369060                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       369060                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          439                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          439                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       804179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         804179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       804179                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        804179                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17762891500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  17762891500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14572670205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14572670205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      6257000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      6257000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32335561705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32335561705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32335561705                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32335561705                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63236595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63236595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24450067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     24450067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1354                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1354                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     87686662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     87686662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     87686662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     87686662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.324225                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.324225                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40823.065644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40823.065644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39485.910706                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39485.910706                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14252.847380                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14252.847380                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40209.408235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40209.408235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40209.408235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40209.408235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5972                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                93                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    64.215054                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       114676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            114676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       313532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       313532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       266369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       266369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          437                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          437                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       579901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       579901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       579901                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       579901                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       121587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       121587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       102691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       102691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       224278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       224278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       224278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       224278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5181259250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5181259250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5001079500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5001079500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       122500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       122500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10182338750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10182338750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10182338750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10182338750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004200                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004200                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001477                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001477                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42613.595615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42613.595615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48700.270715                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48700.270715                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45400.524126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45400.524126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45400.524126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45400.524126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
