
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.756365                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                756365435500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               756367146500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  71285                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    71285                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               23574572                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750264                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 32083.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287097435                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287097435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        35520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       752704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               788224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        35520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           35520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       127488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            127488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11761                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 12316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1992                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1992                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        46961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       995159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1042121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        46961                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              46961                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            168553                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 168553                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            168553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        46961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       995159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1210674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         12316                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1992                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          14308                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       788224                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    127488                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 788224                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 127488                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        5                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   894                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   532                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   532                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   745                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   868                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   576                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   911                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1321                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1181                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   665                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  560                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  644                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  617                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  724                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 1002                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   170                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     7                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    62                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    32                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    23                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   200                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   429                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   348                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   137                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                   13                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   71                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   46                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   43                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  145                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  260                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    756365211000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   12316                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1992                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          554                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1643.090253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     367.250388                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2847.892867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            187     33.75%     33.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           61     11.01%     44.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           29      5.23%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           27      4.87%     54.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           11      1.99%     56.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           13      2.35%     59.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           14      2.53%     61.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            7      1.26%     63.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            5      0.90%     63.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            6      1.08%     64.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            3      0.54%     65.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            4      0.72%     66.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           11      1.99%     68.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            5      0.90%     69.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            2      0.36%     69.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           10      1.81%     71.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            5      0.90%     72.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            7      1.26%     73.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            2      0.36%     73.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            6      1.08%     74.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            5      0.90%     75.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            7      1.26%     77.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            2      0.36%     77.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            1      0.18%     77.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            1      0.18%     77.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            1      0.18%     77.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            1      0.18%     78.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            3      0.54%     78.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            1      0.18%     78.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.18%     79.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            2      0.36%     79.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            1      0.18%     79.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            2      0.36%     79.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            2      0.36%     80.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            3      0.54%     80.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            4      0.72%     81.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.18%     81.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.18%     81.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.54%     82.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            4      0.72%     83.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            2      0.36%     83.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.18%     83.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.18%     83.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.18%     84.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.18%     84.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.18%     84.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.18%     84.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.18%     84.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.18%     85.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            2      0.36%     85.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.18%     85.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.18%     85.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            2      0.36%     86.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            2      0.36%     86.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.18%     86.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.18%     86.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.18%     87.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            3      0.54%     87.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.18%     87.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.18%     87.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.18%     88.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.18%     88.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.54%     88.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           54      9.75%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8640-8641            1      0.18%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10624-10625            1      0.18%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10753            2      0.36%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12736-12737            1      0.18%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13248-13249            1      0.18%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13441            1      0.18%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13569            1      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            554                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       33307750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 268374000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     61555000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   173511250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2705.53                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14094.00                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21799.53                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.04                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.04                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.17                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        13.04                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11955                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1780                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  89.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     52863098.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1210674                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6354                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6354                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1992                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5962                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5962                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        26624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         26624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       915712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     915712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 915712                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            15122000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           58437500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77514240                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72503509                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4196945                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77244934                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        76964789                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.637329                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          265676                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           72                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100682976                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15167                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1100698143                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441203769                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1541                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441205310                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1541886745                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16708                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1541903453                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217690230                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               127                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217690357                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1512730871                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    217997010                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2568814152                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77514240                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77230465                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357026772                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33107093                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      908321753                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           86                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3381                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217690230                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         25817                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1512189013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.698739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.120496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1155162241     76.39%     76.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4472183      0.30%     76.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4239694      0.28%     76.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            20944      0.00%     76.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8693231      0.57%     77.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           532871      0.04%     77.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63501765      4.20%     81.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67176792      4.44%     86.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208389292     13.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1512189013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.051241                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.698130                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        342507229                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     787732204                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         133528624                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     219581240                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28839715                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4744780                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           306                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2537505541                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           957                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28839715                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        355422556                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       156442722                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     17186763                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341167075                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     613130181                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2519627165                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          17031                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     608401975                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967273616                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3598576322                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3593479077                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5097245                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1784969328                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182304288                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1054497                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          135                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        1005904619                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1149887693                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470419181                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641426255                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    318676185                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509335413                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          226                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2389683166                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        11742                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    222235706                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    195411017                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1512189013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.580281                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    345002749     22.81%     22.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    421068636     27.84%     50.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    421398476     27.87%     78.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    182975036     12.10%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    132526490      8.76%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8842520      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        60304      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       306330      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8472      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1512189013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14796      0.41%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              4      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          190      0.01%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             6      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         298273      8.35%      8.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3259076     91.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       524295      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     717854875     30.04%     30.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118512794      4.96%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1336790      0.06%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2224      0.00%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       792185      0.03%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11625      0.00%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262894      0.01%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1108905583     46.40%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441479901     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2389683166                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.579715                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3572345                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001495                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6287137923                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2727637499                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2376337380                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      8001509                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4006596                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4000516                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2388730365                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         4000851                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439485493                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106594072                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3154                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        73499                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41229519                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1103                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28839715                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        26603218                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       5100292                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2509620664                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6223                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1149887693                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470419181                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          139                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          70622                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       3350824                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        73499                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4196741                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          918                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4197659                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2381102906                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1100698145                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8580260                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                285025                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1541903473                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         72973497                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441205328                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.574043                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2380388656                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2380337896                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1810714472                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1811703141                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.573537                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999454                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    222257546                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4196652                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1483349298                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.542031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.286515                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    642264036     43.30%     43.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    459891779     31.00%     74.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    136257576      9.19%     83.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8733431      0.59%     84.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       494561      0.03%     84.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62254334      4.20%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     57638613      3.89%     92.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     56838040      3.83%     96.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     58976928      3.98%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1483349298                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287370520                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287370520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472483283                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043293621                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72675806                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3996075                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2280760700                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      58976928                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3933997251                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5048098487                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  441393                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  541858                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287094044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287094044                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287094044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.661420                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.661420                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.511898                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.511898                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3385805340                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1863000623                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2708630                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2676917                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          547431                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         262300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4433                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8184.829521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     5970919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12543                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    476.035956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                 370361500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5546.517663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    38.466409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2599.750329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.075696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.019424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.677065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.317352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3470854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 3470854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          2505933                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               2505933                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       153430                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                153430                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       3624284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  3624284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3624284                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 3624284                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5962                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5962                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  12317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11761                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 12317                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40152250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    358592750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       398745000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    380602000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     380602000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40152250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    739194750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        779347000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40152250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    739194750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       779347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3476653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             3477209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2505933                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           2505933                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       159392                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            159392                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3636045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              3636601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3636045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             3636601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.001828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037405                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.037405                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.003387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.003387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72216.276978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61836.997758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62745.082612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63837.973834                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63837.973834                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72216.276978                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62851.351926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63274.092717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72216.276978                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62851.351926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63274.092717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1992                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1992                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5962                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5962                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             12317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            12317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     33779750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    291962250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    325742000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    312098000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    312098000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     33779750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    604060250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    637840000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     33779750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    604060250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    637840000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.001828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.003387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60754.946043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50346.999483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51257.592447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52347.869842                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52347.869842                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60754.946043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51361.300060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51785.337339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60754.946043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51361.300060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51785.337339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   519751556                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            3477209                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           3477208                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          2505933                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           159392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          159392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1111                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      9778023                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      9779134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        35520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    393086592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 393122112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             393122112                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5577200000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            966250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        5456945250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               244                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           456.981564                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217692620                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               744                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          292597.607527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   333.974575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   123.006990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.652294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.240248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.892542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217689405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217689405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217689405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217689405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217689405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217689405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58169500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58169500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58169500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     58169500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58169500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     58169500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217690230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217690230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217690230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217690230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217690230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217690230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70508.484848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70508.484848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70508.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70508.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70508.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70508.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40710750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40710750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40710750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40710750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40710750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40710750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73220.773381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73220.773381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73220.773381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73220.773381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73220.773381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73220.773381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           3635987                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           135.998615                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1082663860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           3636123                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            297.752265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   135.996985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.265619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.265622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    655754613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       655754613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    426908459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      426908459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1082663072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1082663072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1082663072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1082663072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5441853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       5441853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2281126                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2281126                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7722979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        7722979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7722979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       7722979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  66095525250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  66095525250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23157638835                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  23157638835                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       377000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       377000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  89253164085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  89253164085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  89253164085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  89253164085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661196466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661196466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429189585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429189585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090386051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090386051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090386051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090386051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005315                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005315                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.115385                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.115385                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12145.775575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12145.775575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10151.845551                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10151.845551                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41888.888889                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41888.888889                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11556.831125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11556.831125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11556.831125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11556.831125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7782                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               277                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.093863                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2505933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2505933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1960950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1960950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2125989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2125989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4086939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4086939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4086939                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4086939                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3480903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3480903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       155137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3636040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3636040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3636040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3636040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38791229250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38791229250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2032756249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2032756249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       183000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       183000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40823985499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40823985499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40823985499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40823985499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000361                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000361                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064103                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064103                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11144.013278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11144.013278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13102.975106                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13102.975106                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        36600                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        36600                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11227.595268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11227.595268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11227.595268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11227.595268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
