
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.337539                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                337538915000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               337540626000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  35386                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    35386                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11278950                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750544                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29926.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1058969772                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1058969772                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        60416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      5133248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5193664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        60416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           60416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2384320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2384320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        80207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 81151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           37255                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                37255                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       178990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     15207870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15386860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       178990                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             178990                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           7063837                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                7063837                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           7063837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       178990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     15207870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               22450697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         81151                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        37255                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         118406                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      5193664                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2384320                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                5193664                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2384320                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       19                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4984                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4933                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4953                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  5046                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  5338                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  5238                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  5002                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4855                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  5121                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  5082                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 5254                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 5015                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 5112                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 5111                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 5081                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 5007                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2275                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2271                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2262                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2310                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2284                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2316                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2392                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2231                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2351                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2373                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2296                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2396                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2401                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    337538628500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   81151                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  37255                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     61902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      606.533333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     253.930202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1175.351465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           3536     28.33%     28.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1646     13.19%     41.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1186      9.50%     51.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          952      7.63%     58.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          676      5.42%     64.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          550      4.41%     68.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          404      3.24%     71.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          299      2.40%     74.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          180      1.44%     75.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          153      1.23%     76.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          122      0.98%     77.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          160      1.28%     79.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          100      0.80%     79.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          103      0.83%     80.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          108      0.87%     81.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          170      1.36%     82.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          133      1.07%     83.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           97      0.78%     84.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           90      0.72%     85.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          193      1.55%     87.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           87      0.70%     87.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           74      0.59%     88.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          434      3.48%     91.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          359      2.88%     94.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           37      0.30%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           36      0.29%     95.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           15      0.12%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           23      0.18%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           14      0.11%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           10      0.08%     95.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           10      0.08%     95.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            8      0.06%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           12      0.10%     95.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           12      0.10%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           13      0.10%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            6      0.05%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            8      0.06%     96.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            9      0.07%     96.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            9      0.07%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            8      0.06%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            4      0.03%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            6      0.05%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            8      0.06%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            5      0.04%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            4      0.03%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            7      0.06%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            6      0.05%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            9      0.07%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            3      0.02%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            5      0.04%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           11      0.09%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            3      0.02%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            4      0.03%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            2      0.02%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            4      0.03%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            6      0.05%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            3      0.02%     97.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            5      0.04%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            3      0.02%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            9      0.07%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            3      0.02%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            5      0.04%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.01%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            2      0.02%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            7      0.06%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            7      0.06%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            5      0.04%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            8      0.06%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            5      0.04%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            7      0.06%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            2      0.02%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            6      0.05%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            9      0.07%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            4      0.03%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            4      0.03%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            4      0.03%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            3      0.02%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            3      0.02%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            1      0.01%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            4      0.03%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            6      0.05%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            5      0.04%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            4      0.03%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            2      0.02%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.01%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.02%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.01%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.02%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            3      0.02%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            3      0.02%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            5      0.04%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.02%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.01%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            3      0.02%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.01%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            2      0.02%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.01%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            3      0.02%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.01%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.02%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.01%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            3      0.02%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.01%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            2      0.02%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            2      0.02%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            6      0.05%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.02%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.01%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.01%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            2      0.02%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            5      0.04%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            2      0.02%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.02%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            5      0.04%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.01%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            2      0.02%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            2      0.02%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.01%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.02%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            1      0.01%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            3      0.02%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            9      0.07%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          120      0.96%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8320-8321            2      0.02%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8449            1      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8640-8641            1      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8705            1      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8832-8833            2      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9088-9089            1      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9217            1      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9536-9537            1      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9729            1      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9856-9857            1      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-9985            1      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10048-10049            1      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10112-10113            1      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      693895250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2110840250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    405660000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  1011285000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8552.67                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12464.69                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26017.36                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          15.39                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           7.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  15.39                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   7.06                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.94                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      75582                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     30307                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  81.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      2850688.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     22450697                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               42812                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              42812                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             37255                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             38339                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            38339                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       199557                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        199557                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      7577984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    7577984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                7577984                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           208223000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          384843750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       132608434                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    106003478                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      1642548                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     88520227                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        82507635                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     93.207663                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         7211755                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         8005                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            314117237                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1234                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        314118471                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           143381893                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4696                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       143386589                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            457499130                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5930                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        457505060                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           133380776                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               570                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       133381346                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               254712                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                675080472                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    134450084                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             1165349616                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           132608434                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     89719390                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             204516789                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        12655825                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      321065988                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        12002                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         133380776                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        598592                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    670736540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.737418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.953438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        466219751     69.51%     69.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         14202496      2.12%     71.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         16021078      2.39%     74.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         21387331      3.19%     77.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         16001794      2.39%     79.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         20212342      3.01%     82.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         14957548      2.23%     84.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         13744803      2.05%     86.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         87989397     13.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    670736540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.196434                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.726238                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        164950848                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     291728263                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         178517878                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      24867647                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       10671903                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     15165469                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred         19695                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     1158753460                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1174                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       10671903                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        182311756                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        64456756                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    116155134                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         185119535                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     112021455                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     1151049448                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           507                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       27747296                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      70650017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    867293093                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1623142496                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1612472939                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10669557                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     802655717                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         64637376                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3157766                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       764369                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         235757160                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    320739771                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    147828665                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    102926692                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     36068365                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         1131859004                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1273946                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        1102906347                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       933255                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     72484182                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     52001408                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          317                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    670736540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.644321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.718602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    219501069     32.73%     32.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    161176570     24.03%     56.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    114510570     17.07%     73.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     78352308     11.68%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     46844809      6.98%     92.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     27265860      4.07%     96.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     11347181      1.69%     98.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      8045293      1.20%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3692880      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    670736540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         1983036     23.60%     23.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           6833      0.08%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            25      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             1      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             1      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        5037167     59.95%     83.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1375374     16.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       254694      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     628424111     56.98%     57.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     11669803      1.06%     58.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1647209      0.15%     58.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       466884      0.04%     58.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       393805      0.04%     58.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        83653      0.01%     58.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       103780      0.01%     58.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        79440      0.01%     58.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    315976224     28.65%     86.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    143806744     13.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     1102906347                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.633741                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             8402477                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007618                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   2873386687                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1198731892                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1091413170                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     12498279                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      7194093                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6056657                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1104651767                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         6402363                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     84507461                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     22775317                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       201361                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       318881                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      8485922                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       596552                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        70490                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       10671903                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        17523559                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       5050448                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1143935935                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       125043                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     320739771                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    147828665                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       764349                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        3859274                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         16875                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       318881                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1211766                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       449410                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      1661176                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    1100765414                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     314118473                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2140933                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              10802985                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            457505062                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        126462396                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          143386589                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.630569                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             1098369979                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            1097469827                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         749279649                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         885152312                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.625687                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.846498                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     75664104                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1273629                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1622883                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    660064637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.619440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.657598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    334902178     50.74%     50.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    164999804     25.00%     75.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     40095758      6.07%     81.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     13482298      2.04%     83.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     10408556      1.58%     85.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      5439166      0.82%     86.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      4010258      0.61%     86.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3407581      0.52%     87.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     83319038     12.62%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    660064637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1068935187                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     1068935187                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              437307197                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             297964454                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              509457                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          123221297                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            5501052                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1043247801                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      6783261                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      83319038                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1721332410                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          2299891714                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  212184                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4343932                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1058966381                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1058966381                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    1058966381                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.637490                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.637490                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.568652                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.568652                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1555692589                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       832435724                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           6336403                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          3014080                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         3060621                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        1018916                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     73244                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8161.698806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    21828883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     81279                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    268.567318                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1330.327902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    92.453929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6738.781844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.106204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.028928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.162394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.011286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.822605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13548281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                13548284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          8318840                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               8318840                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3336838                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3336838                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      16885119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 16885122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     16885119                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                16885122                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        41868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 42813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        38339                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               38339                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        80207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  81152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          945                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        80207                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 81152                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65421500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2646775000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2712196500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2765043750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2765043750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65421500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5411818750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5477240250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65421500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5411818750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5477240250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13590149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            13591097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8318840                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           8318840                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3375177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3375177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16965326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             16966274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16965326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            16966274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.003150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011359                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.011359                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.004783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.004783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69229.100529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63217.134805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63349.835330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72120.914734                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72120.914734                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69229.100529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67473.147606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67493.595352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69229.100529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67473.147606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67493.595352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                37255                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     37255                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            42813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        38339                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          38339                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        80207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             81152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        80207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            81152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54577500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2165994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2220571500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2324679250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2324679250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54577500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4490673250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4545250750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54577500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4490673250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4545250750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57753.968254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51733.877902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51866.757760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60634.843110                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60634.843110                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57753.968254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55988.545264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56009.103288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57753.968254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55988.545264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56009.103288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  4794253818                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           13591097                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13591096                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          8318840                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3375177                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3375177                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     42249492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     42251387                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side   1618186624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                1618247232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1618247232                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20961397000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1650749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       25467413750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               624                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           506.000503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           133382511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          117414.182218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      337537216750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   468.106019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    37.894484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.914270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.074013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    133379296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       133379296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    133379296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        133379296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    133379296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       133379296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97661499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97661499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97661499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97661499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97661499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97661499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    133380776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    133380776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    133380776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    133380776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    133380776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    133380776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65987.499324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65987.499324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65987.499324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65987.499324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65987.499324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65987.499324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          532                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          532                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66402251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66402251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66402251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66402251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66402251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66402251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70044.568565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70044.568565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70044.568565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70044.568565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70044.568565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70044.568565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16965053                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           349.978613                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           326086815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16965404                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             19.220693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   349.974962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.003651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.683545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.683552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    197942293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       197942293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    127133772                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      127133772                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       500651                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       500651                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       509457                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       509457                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    325076065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        325076065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    325076065                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       325076065                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     30506983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      30506983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11699514                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     11699514                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8808                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8808                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     42206497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       42206497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     42206497                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      42206497                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 338018864500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 338018864500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 166578167744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 166578167744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119164500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    119164500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 504597032244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 504597032244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 504597032244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 504597032244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    228449276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    228449276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    138833286                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    138833286                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       509459                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       509459                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       509457                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       509457                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    367282562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    367282562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    367282562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    367282562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.133539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.133539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.084270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017289                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.017289                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.114916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.114916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.114916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.114916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11080.048935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11080.048935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14238.041661                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14238.041661                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13529.121253                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13529.121253                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11955.435019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11955.435019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11955.435019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11955.435019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       957633                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             56156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.053084                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8318840                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8318840                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16916114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     16916114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8325060                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      8325060                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         8805                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         8805                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     25241174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     25241174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     25241174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     25241174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13590869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13590869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3374454                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3374454                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16965323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16965323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16965323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16965323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 156038521500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 156038521500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41022362498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41022362498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        83250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        83250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 197060883998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 197060883998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 197060883998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 197060883998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024306                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024306                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11481.129095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11481.129095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12156.740764                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12156.740764                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        27750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        27750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11615.510297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11615.510297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11615.510297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11615.510297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
