
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.178143                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                178143464500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               178145175500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31157                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    31157                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9657561                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750504                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 18446.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   574725973                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     574725973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        60096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4774912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4835008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        60096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           60096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2160576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2160576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        74608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 75547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           33759                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                33759                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       337346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     26803745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                27141091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       337346                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             337346                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          12128292                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               12128292                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          12128292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       337346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     26803745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               39269383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         75547                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        33759                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         109306                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      4835008                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2160576                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                4835008                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2160576                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       10                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4751                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4644                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4709                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  4759                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  4964                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  4777                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4604                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4482                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  4637                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  4664                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 4825                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4794                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 4807                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 4731                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 4701                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4688                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2124                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2101                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2136                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2126                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2097                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2098                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2211                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2009                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2039                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2087                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2038                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2132                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2158                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2127                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2135                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2141                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    178143173000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   75547                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  33759                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     56374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      557.497606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     224.100762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1128.990593                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4133     32.98%     32.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1883     15.03%     48.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1146      9.14%     57.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          822      6.56%     63.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          524      4.18%     67.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          412      3.29%     71.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          345      2.75%     73.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          321      2.56%     76.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          204      1.63%     78.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          158      1.26%     79.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          108      0.86%     80.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          120      0.96%     81.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           97      0.77%     81.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           75      0.60%     82.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          120      0.96%     83.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          128      1.02%     84.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           84      0.67%     85.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           76      0.61%     85.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           67      0.53%     86.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          201      1.60%     87.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           69      0.55%     88.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           54      0.43%     88.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          410      3.27%     92.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          350      2.79%     95.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           39      0.31%     95.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           22      0.18%     95.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           16      0.13%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           10      0.08%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           12      0.10%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           17      0.14%     95.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           12      0.10%     96.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           11      0.09%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           16      0.13%     96.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            9      0.07%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            7      0.06%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            6      0.05%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            6      0.05%     96.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            8      0.06%     96.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           14      0.11%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            8      0.06%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            5      0.04%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            4      0.03%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            6      0.05%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            8      0.06%     96.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            7      0.06%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            5      0.04%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.02%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            9      0.07%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            5      0.04%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            2      0.02%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            9      0.07%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            8      0.06%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.02%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            2      0.02%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            4      0.03%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            4      0.03%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            5      0.04%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            2      0.02%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            2      0.02%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            4      0.03%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            5      0.04%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            8      0.06%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           10      0.08%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            7      0.06%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            7      0.06%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            2      0.02%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            5      0.04%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            4      0.03%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            5      0.04%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            4      0.03%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            7      0.06%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            4      0.03%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            5      0.04%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            4      0.03%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            5      0.04%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            5      0.04%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            3      0.02%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            4      0.03%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            2      0.02%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            2      0.02%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.01%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            3      0.02%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            3      0.02%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            3      0.02%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.02%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.01%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.02%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.02%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.02%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.01%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.02%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            6      0.05%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            3      0.02%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.02%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            4      0.03%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.01%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.02%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            5      0.04%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            2      0.02%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.01%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            2      0.02%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            4      0.03%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.02%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.02%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            2      0.02%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            2      0.02%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.02%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            6      0.05%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            7      0.06%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            3      0.02%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.02%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            3      0.02%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            3      0.02%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            2      0.02%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            2      0.02%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            2      0.02%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            2      0.02%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            3      0.02%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            1      0.01%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            6      0.05%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          112      0.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      693764250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2000990500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    377685000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   929541250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9184.43                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12305.77                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26490.20                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          27.14                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          12.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  27.14                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  12.13                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.92                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      70451                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     26295                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  77.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1629765.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     39269383                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               39834                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              39834                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             33759                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             35713                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            35713                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       184853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        184853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      6995584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    6995584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                6995584                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           189689000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          358270500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        58331116                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     47140300                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       722539                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     37615013                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        37243474                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.012259                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         3027306                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         3998                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            188724522                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1079                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        188725601                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            78769079                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4682                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        78773761                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            267493601                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5761                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        267499362                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            66557633                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               184                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        66557817                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               106842                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                356288448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     67044815                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              623223298                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            58331116                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     40270780                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             104502294                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         5818618                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      176291791                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           93                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         4669                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          66557633                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        264352                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    352769351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.766659                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.024509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        248267057     70.38%     70.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          6476420      1.84%     72.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6812629      1.93%     74.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          9785291      2.77%     76.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          7478996      2.12%     79.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          9377507      2.66%     81.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6853744      1.94%     83.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5901892      1.67%     85.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         51815815     14.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    352769351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.163719                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.749210                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         86009797                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     157832059                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          88068164                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      15943343                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4915987                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      6389842                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          9737                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      620276144                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1179                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4915987                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         95622130                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        37937071                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     49039630                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          93884811                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      71369721                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      616776147                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       18287381                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      46154463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    475980705                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     875977275                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    870570031                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5407244                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     445677126                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         30303579                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1293975                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       320680                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         145351444                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    192179149                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     80907930                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     75640716                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     20961011                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          608339535                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       534462                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         594421593                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       414223                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     33730683                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24825126                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          183                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    352769351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.685015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.658773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    104503219     29.62%     29.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     88304285     25.03%     54.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     64361865     18.24%     72.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     45495234     12.90%     85.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     26709949      7.57%     93.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     13108466      3.72%     97.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5066530      1.44%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3631854      1.03%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1587949      0.45%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    352769351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          839164     16.67%     16.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           4315      0.09%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            21      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     16.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        3632454     72.16%     88.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        558132     11.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       106824      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     317568174     53.42%     53.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      6507141      1.09%     54.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     54.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       996356      0.17%     54.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       281437      0.05%     54.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       235729      0.04%     54.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        55484      0.01%     54.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        59666      0.01%     54.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        51418      0.01%     54.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     54.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     54.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     54.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     54.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     54.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     54.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     54.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    189608062     31.90%     86.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     78951302     13.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      594421593                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.668372                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             5034126                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.008469                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1540493259                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    639081684                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    588749072                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      6567627                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      3708614                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3208227                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      596002706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3346189                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     59189052                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     11055162                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        79053                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       190971                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3670749                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       230588                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        16834                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4915987                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7364347                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2193865                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    613502437                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     192179149                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     80907930                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       320671                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1676852                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          3608                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       190971                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       557112                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       171613                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       728725                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     593410580                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     188725603                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1011013                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4628440                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            267499364                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         55747920                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           78773761                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.665534                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              592400157                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             591957299                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         424269521                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         482839748                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.661455                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.878696                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     34637321                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       534279                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       712840                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    347853364                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.664644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.602573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    157399340     45.25%     45.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    101721029     29.24%     74.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     25531914      7.34%     81.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8708567      2.50%     84.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5647737      1.62%     85.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2620542      0.75%     86.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1898559      0.55%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1548882      0.45%     87.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     42776794     12.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    347853364                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    579052096                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      579052096                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              258361168                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             181123987                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              213717                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           54456737                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2968330                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         567672479                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2882607                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      42776794                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            918753507                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1232305308                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   94066                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3519097                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           574722582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             574722582                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     574722582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.619931                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.619931                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.613082                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.613082                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        843612348                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       458969206                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           3388610                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1813490                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1286181                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         427436                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     67572                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8150.639878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     9153695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     75523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    121.204070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               27311341000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1597.841584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    73.317734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6479.224035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.201571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.054955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.195049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.008950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.790921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.994951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5680136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5680139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          3509110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               3509110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1395374                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1395374                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       7075510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7075513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7075510                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7075513                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        38895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 39835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        35713                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               35713                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        74608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  75548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        74608                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 75548                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63838750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2476494750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2540333500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2594699000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2594699000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63838750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5071193750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5135032500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63838750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5071193750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5135032500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5719031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5719974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3509110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           3509110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1431087                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1431087                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7150118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7151061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7150118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7151061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.006964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024955                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.024955                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.010565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.010565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67913.563830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63671.288083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63771.394502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72654.187551                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72654.187551                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67913.563830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67971.179364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67970.462487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67913.563830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67971.179364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67970.462487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                33759                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     33759                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        38895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            39835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        35713                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          35713                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             75548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            75548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53051250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2029817250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2082868500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2184529000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2184529000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53051250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4214346250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4267397500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53051250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4214346250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4267397500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.006964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.010565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56437.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52187.099884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52287.398017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61169.014085                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61169.014085                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56437.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56486.519542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56485.909620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56437.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56486.519542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56485.909620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  3829783382                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5719974                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5719973                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          3509110                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1431087                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1431087                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     17809346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     17811231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    682190592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 682250880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             682250880                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         8839195500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1642499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       10743252500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             6.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               619                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           502.633437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            66559361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          58850.009726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      178141757750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   457.628713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    45.004724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.893806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.087900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66556146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        66556146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66556146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         66556146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66556146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        66556146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97850999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97850999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97850999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97850999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97850999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97850999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66557633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     66557633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66557633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     66557633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66557633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     66557633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65804.303295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65804.303295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65804.303295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65804.303295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65804.303295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65804.303295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          544                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          544                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64814501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64814501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64814501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64814501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64814501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64814501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68732.238600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68732.238600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68732.238600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68732.238600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68732.238600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68732.238600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           7149684                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           507.714131                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           188731650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           7150196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             26.395311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       12941459250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   507.707214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.006917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.991616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    116265081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       116265081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     72045009                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       72045009                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       207201                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       207201                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       213717                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       213717                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    188310090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        188310090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    188310090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       188310090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     12818537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      12818537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4978455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4978455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6518                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6518                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     17796992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       17796992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     17796992                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      17796992                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 145015083750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 145015083750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  76697294970                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  76697294970                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88198750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     88198750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 221712378720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 221712378720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 221712378720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 221712378720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    129083618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    129083618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     77023464                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     77023464                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       213719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       213719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       213717                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       213717                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    206107082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    206107082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    206107082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    206107082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.099304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.099304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.064636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030498                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.030498                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11312.920012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11312.920012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15405.842770                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15405.842770                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13531.566431                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13531.566431                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12457.856851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12457.856851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12457.856851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12457.856851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       747546                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             11411                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    65.510998                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3509110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3509110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7099250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7099250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3547627                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3547627                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         6515                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         6515                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10646877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10646877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10646877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10646877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5719287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5719287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1430828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1430828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7150115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7150115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7150115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7150115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  66833796500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  66833796500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18610051498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18610051498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  85443847998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  85443847998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  85443847998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  85443847998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018577                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018577                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11685.686782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11685.686782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13006.490995                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13006.490995                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11949.996328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11949.996328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11949.996328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11949.996328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
