
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.041941                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 41941298500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                41943009500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26813                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    26813                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9698165                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 749540                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4324.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   115956825                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     115956825                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2778048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              2827840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1285440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1285440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          778                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        43407                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 44185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           20085                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                20085                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1187183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     66236576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                67423759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1187183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1187183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          30648550                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               30648550                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          30648550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1187183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     66236576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               98072309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         44185                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        20085                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          64270                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      2827840                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1285440                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                2827840                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1285440                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        7                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  2662                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  2766                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3028                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  2809                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  2858                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  2685                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  2961                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  2686                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  2720                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  2702                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 2885                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 2720                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 2703                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 2656                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 2685                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 2652                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1211                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1209                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1303                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1240                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1213                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1252                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1410                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1242                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1251                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1261                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1267                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1267                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1237                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1234                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1230                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1258                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     41941018500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   44185                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  20085                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     29451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      6006                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      4689                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         9607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      427.348392                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     160.694994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1054.371516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4531     47.16%     47.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1412     14.70%     61.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          716      7.45%     69.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          491      5.11%     74.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          381      3.97%     78.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          265      2.76%     81.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          179      1.86%     83.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          116      1.21%     84.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          106      1.10%     85.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           92      0.96%     86.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           66      0.69%     86.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           96      1.00%     87.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           60      0.62%     88.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           45      0.47%     89.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           54      0.56%     89.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           60      0.62%     90.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           24      0.25%     90.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           34      0.35%     90.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           30      0.31%     91.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           85      0.88%     92.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           17      0.18%     92.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           15      0.16%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          133      1.38%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          152      1.58%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           16      0.17%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           18      0.19%     95.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           17      0.18%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           19      0.20%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           20      0.21%     96.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           17      0.18%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           20      0.21%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           17      0.18%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            7      0.07%     96.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           10      0.10%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            7      0.07%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           10      0.10%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            5      0.05%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            4      0.04%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            5      0.05%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           10      0.10%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            4      0.04%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            5      0.05%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            2      0.02%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            5      0.05%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            4      0.04%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            3      0.03%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            5      0.05%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            6      0.06%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            4      0.04%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            5      0.05%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            6      0.06%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            4      0.04%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.01%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            2      0.02%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.01%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            5      0.05%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            2      0.02%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.01%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            2      0.02%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            3      0.03%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.01%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.01%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.01%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            1      0.01%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.01%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            2      0.02%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            7      0.07%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            4      0.04%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            1      0.01%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.01%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.01%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            3      0.03%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            2      0.02%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.01%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.01%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.02%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.01%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.02%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.01%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.01%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.01%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.01%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.02%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.01%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.01%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.01%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.02%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            2      0.02%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            5      0.05%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.01%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            3      0.03%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            4      0.04%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            2      0.02%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            8      0.08%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            5      0.05%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            2      0.02%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            7      0.07%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            4      0.04%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            6      0.06%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            5      0.05%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            4      0.04%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            1      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            3      0.03%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.03%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           64      0.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           9607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      581762500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1329043750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    220890000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   526391250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       13168.60                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    11915.23                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30083.84                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          67.42                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          30.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  67.42                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  30.65                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.03                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.06                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      40368                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     14282                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   91.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  71.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       652575.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     98072309                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               23040                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              23040                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             20085                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             21145                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            21145                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       108455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        108455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      4113280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    4113280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                4113280                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           112475000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          209585750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         2653900                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      2569445                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       184837                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1206137                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1197067                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.248012                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           16572                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           89                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             53324055                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1063                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         53325118                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            16966752                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4320                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        16971072                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             70290807                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5383                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         70296190                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             9562691                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               134                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         9562825                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 83882597                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles      9791677                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              129999212                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             2653900                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1213639                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              17040509                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1804380                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       53152109                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           89                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3414                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           20                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9562691                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         25959                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     81547649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.594150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.164523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         64507140     79.10%     79.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           400780      0.49%     79.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           289249      0.35%     79.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            74702      0.09%     80.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            70431      0.09%     80.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            43270      0.05%     80.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            22183      0.03%     80.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           954496      1.17%     81.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         15185398     18.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     81547649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.031638                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.549776                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         16957526                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      46107624                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           9766544                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       7156441                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1559513                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        65435                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           332                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      129085042                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1045                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1559513                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         18815802                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        13480681                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1878507                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          14793927                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      31019218                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      127996438                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           413                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         481229                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      29885676                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    107368204                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     186878416                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    185512510                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1365906                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      97159504                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10208700                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        71621                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          54270579                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     55683404                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     17846300                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     35654581                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      7815372                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          127143154                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          253                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         121316076                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13120                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11129038                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9368697                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           63                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     81547649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.487671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.249811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18771808     23.02%     23.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29550820     36.24%     59.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15825851     19.41%     78.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10812368     13.26%     91.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5407460      6.63%     98.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1049326      1.29%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       110609      0.14%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        18930      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          477      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     81547649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             390      0.06%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             83      0.01%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd           190      0.03%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             3      0.00%      0.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           48      0.01%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         638840     97.75%     97.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         14016      2.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        27503      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      49108601     40.48%     40.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1100197      0.91%     41.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       363824      0.30%     41.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        34088      0.03%     41.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       122022      0.10%     41.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        26132      0.02%     41.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        28241      0.02%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     53510825     44.11%     85.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16994643     14.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      121316076                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.446260                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              653570                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005387                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    323176146                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137223660                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120015149                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1670345                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1110719                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       818690                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      121106326                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          835817                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     21623799                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4751235                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10751                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        62446                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1279201                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         7403                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1559513                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          491646                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         27591                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127231730                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5240                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      55683404                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17846300                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          161                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           3215                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          1807                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        62446                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        64563                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121178                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       185741                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     121073626                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      53325121                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242450                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 88323                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             70296193                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2316060                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           16971072                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.443370                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              120964680                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             120833839                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         100819828                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         101877811                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.440511                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.989615                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11191908                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       184519                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79988136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.450511                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.003496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     25638423     32.05%     32.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32989206     41.24%     73.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11631771     14.54%     87.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1804533      2.26%     90.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1348181      1.69%     91.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       849361      1.06%     92.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       364893      0.46%     93.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       365709      0.46%     93.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4996059      6.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79988136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    116023669                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      116023669                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               67499268                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              50932169                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2199185                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             733737                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         115489678                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        16270                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       4996059                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            202194017                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           255993829                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   25627                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2334948                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           115953434                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             115953434                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     115953434                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.723416                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.723416                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.382330                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.382330                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        175749802                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       101000798                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            817052                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           649915                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           31871                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          13908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     36191                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8130.647358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        7128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     44156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.161428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               39675073750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5646.625419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   110.189312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2372.752396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.858854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.221378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.689285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.013451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.289643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.992511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    4220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            23741                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 23741                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2181                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2181                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          6401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     6401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         6401                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    6401                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        22262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 23041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        21145                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               21145                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        43407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  44186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        43407                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 44186                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53019750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1522055250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1575075000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1587945250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1587945250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53019750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3110000500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3163020250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53019750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3110000500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3163020250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        26482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               27261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        23741                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             23741                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23326                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             23326                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        49808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                50587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        49808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               50587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.840646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.845200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.906499                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.906499                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.871487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.873466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.871487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.873466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68061.296534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68370.103764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68359.663209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75097.907307                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75097.907307                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68061.296534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71647.441657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71584.217852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68061.296534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71647.441657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71584.217852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                20085                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     20085                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            23041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21145                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          21145                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             44186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            44186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44082250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1266357750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1310440000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1345038750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1345038750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44082250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2611396500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2655478750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44082250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2611396500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2655478750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.840646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.845200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.906499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.906499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.871487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.873466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.871487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.873466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56588.254172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56884.275896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56874.267610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63610.250650                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63610.250650                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56588.254172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60160.722925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60097.740234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56588.254172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60160.722925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60097.740234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   113418711                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              27261                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             27260                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            23741                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            23326                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           23326                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1557                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       123357                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       124914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      4707136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   4756928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               4756928                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           60905000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1356750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          85273750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.283996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             9564731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           9891.138573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   394.862584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.421412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.771216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.174651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.945867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9561516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         9561516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9561516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          9561516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9561516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         9561516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1175                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1175                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     77170000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77170000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     77170000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77170000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     77170000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77170000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9562691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9562691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9562691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      9562691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9562691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      9562691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65676.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65676.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65676.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65676.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65676.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65676.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          136                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          396                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          396                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53801250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53801250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53801250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53801250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53801250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53801250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69064.505777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69064.505777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69064.505777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69064.505777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69064.505777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69064.505777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             49374                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.421212                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            48034642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             49886                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            962.888225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         102142750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.289171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.132040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.998612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     31610732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        31610732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16423115                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16423115                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     48033847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         48033847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     48033847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        48033847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        86574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         86574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       143905                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       143905                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       230479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         230479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       230479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        230479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5110446250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5110446250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9042356695                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9042356695                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       352000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       352000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14152802945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14152802945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14152802945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14152802945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     31697306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31697306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16567020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16567020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48264326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48264326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48264326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48264326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008686                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008686                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063291                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.063291                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59029.803983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59029.803983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62835.597755                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62835.597755                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        70400                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        70400                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61406.041093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61406.041093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61406.041093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61406.041093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       525675                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              4819                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   109.083835                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        23741                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             23741                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        60091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        60091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       120582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       120582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       180673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       180673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       180673                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       180673                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        26483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        23323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        49806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        49806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1590730750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1590730750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1633089499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1633089499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       177500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       177500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3223820249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3223820249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3223820249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3223820249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001408                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001408                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025316                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025316                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60066.108447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60066.108447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70020.559062                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70020.559062                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        88750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        88750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64727.547866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64727.547866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64727.547866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64727.547866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
