
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.052915                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 52914920000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                52916631000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  32677                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    32677                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11676570                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4531.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   148083110                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     148083110                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      3814336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3864128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1631936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1631936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          778                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        59599                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 60377                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           25499                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                25499                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       940982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     72084320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                73025302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       940982                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             940982                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          30840753                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               30840753                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          30840753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       940982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     72084320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              103866055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         60377                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        25499                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          85876                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      3864128                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1631936                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                3864128                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1631936                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       29                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  3744                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  3835                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3983                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  3700                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  3762                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  3623                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  3838                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  3602                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  3662                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  3693                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 3924                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 3817                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 3837                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 3795                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 3815                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 3718                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1647                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1664                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1681                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1564                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1572                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1593                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1702                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1491                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1476                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1503                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1537                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1570                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1582                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1612                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1635                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1670                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     52914640000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   60377                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  25499                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     38385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     10628                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      6882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        21795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      251.730397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     116.130856                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     719.649074                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65          12969     59.50%     59.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3311     15.19%     74.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1301      5.97%     80.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          850      3.90%     84.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          642      2.95%     87.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          601      2.76%     90.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          315      1.45%     91.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          232      1.06%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          130      0.60%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           93      0.43%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           75      0.34%     94.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           91      0.42%     94.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           54      0.25%     94.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           45      0.21%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           33      0.15%     95.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           53      0.24%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           22      0.10%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           25      0.11%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           34      0.16%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          102      0.47%     96.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           28      0.13%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           20      0.09%     96.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          220      1.01%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          180      0.83%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           11      0.05%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           11      0.05%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           10      0.05%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           19      0.09%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            6      0.03%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            8      0.04%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            8      0.04%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            4      0.02%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            6      0.03%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           10      0.05%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            7      0.03%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            6      0.03%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            7      0.03%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            5      0.02%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            3      0.01%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            2      0.01%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.01%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.00%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            5      0.02%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            2      0.01%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.00%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.00%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            3      0.01%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.00%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            4      0.02%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            2      0.01%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.00%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            5      0.02%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            2      0.01%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.00%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            2      0.01%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            2      0.01%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.00%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.01%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.00%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            5      0.02%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            3      0.01%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.00%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            2      0.01%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            3      0.01%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            4      0.02%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            2      0.01%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.00%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.00%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            2      0.01%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.00%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            4      0.02%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            3      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.00%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            2      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            3      0.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            4      0.02%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            3      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            2      0.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            4      0.02%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            3      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            3      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.00%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            3      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            5      0.02%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.00%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.00%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            3      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            5      0.02%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            5      0.02%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.00%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            2      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            6      0.03%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            2      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            4      0.02%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            1      0.00%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            3      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            2      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            2      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            3      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            2      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            3      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            8      0.04%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.02%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           65      0.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          21795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      867388750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2069891250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    301740000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   900762500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14373.12                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14926.14                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  34299.25                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          73.03                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          30.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  73.03                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  30.84                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.04                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.01                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      50113                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     13924                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   83.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  54.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       616174.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    103866055                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               31135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              31135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             25499                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             29242                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            29242                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       146253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        146253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      5496064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    5496064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                5496064                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           144934000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          286355000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         3655077                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3473061                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       227440                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1351219                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1326089                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.140198                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           36646                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           74                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             67162086                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1095                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         67163181                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            21734293                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4300                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        21738593                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             88896379                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5395                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         88901774                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            11928043                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               133                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        11928176                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                105829840                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     12210049                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              164758769                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             3655077                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1362735                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              21499640                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         2140052                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       67364367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           89                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3441                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          11928043                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         37115                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    102907867                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.601032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.171943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         81408227     79.11%     79.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           432952      0.42%     79.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           325292      0.32%     79.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            99498      0.10%     79.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           108915      0.11%     80.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            75548      0.07%     80.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            34190      0.03%     80.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1027761      1.00%     81.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         19395484     18.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    102907867                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.034537                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.556827                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         21202232                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      58524118                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          12236314                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       9115237                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1829965                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       140612                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           326                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      163625780                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1027                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1829965                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         23473829                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        16140309                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4420899                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          18817279                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      38225585                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      162163672                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          2359                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         838919                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      36683019                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    135613889                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     236978366                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    233849405                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      3128961                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     123679755                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11934134                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       167708                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          147                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          66921221                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     69754764                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     22736044                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     43698106                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      9357238                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          161059664                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          253                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         154397910                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17763                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12879110                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10871391                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           63                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    102907867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.500351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.275138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     24192486     23.51%     23.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     36458886     35.43%     58.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     19756014     19.20%     78.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13527421     13.15%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7279699      7.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1477536      1.44%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       173008      0.17%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        42327      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          490      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    102907867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             348      0.04%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             22      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         896041     97.35%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         24027      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        67667      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      62372741     40.40%     40.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1452854      0.94%     41.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       858065      0.56%     41.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        80621      0.05%     41.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       285110      0.18%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        57308      0.04%     42.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        65532      0.04%     42.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     67392206     43.65%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21765806     14.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      154397910                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.458926                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              920478                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005962                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    408733579                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    171521332                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151836691                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3908349                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2497418                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1921802                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      153294953                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1955768                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     27451248                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5433868                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        13334                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        80351                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1447866                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        17722                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1829965                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          593428                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         30311                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161184146                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8330                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      69754764                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     22736044                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          162                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           3233                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          4251                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        80351                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        75334                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       154424                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       229758                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     154086549                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      67163183                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       311361                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                124229                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             88901776                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3217198                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           21738593                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.455984                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              153921718                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             153758493                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         127700934                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         129808208                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.452884                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983766                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12996272                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       227127                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    101077902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.465899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.020129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     32666928     32.32%     32.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     41195888     40.76%     73.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14350980     14.20%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2295762      2.27%     89.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1920314      1.90%     91.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1178147      1.17%     92.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686440      0.68%     93.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       573273      0.57%     93.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6210170      6.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    101077902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    148170036                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      148170036                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               85609074                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              64320896                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3064058                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            1747047                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         146973922                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        36352                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       6210170                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            256019181                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           324166633                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   30517                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2921973                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           148079719                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             148079719                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     148079719                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.714682                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.714682                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.399225                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.399225                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        222970100                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       127388910                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           1916234                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1525618                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           72035                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          33990                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     52364                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8111.925236                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       17690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     60376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.292997                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5982.422308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    78.658974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2049.997381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.671062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.175511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.730276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.009602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.250244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.990225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        12326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   12326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            34358                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 34358                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4377                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  4377                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         16703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    16703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        16703                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   16703                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        30357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 31136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29242                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               29242                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        59599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  60378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        59599                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 60378                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53177750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2348474000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2401651750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2173101750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2173101750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53177750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4521575750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4574753500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53177750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4521575750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4574753500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        42683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               43462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        34358                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             34358                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        33619                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             33619                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        76302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                77081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        76302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               77081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.711220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.716396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.869806                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.869806                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.781094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.783306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.781094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.783306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68264.120668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77361.860526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77134.241714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74314.402230                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74314.402230                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68264.120668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75866.637863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75768.549803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68264.120668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75866.637863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75768.549803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                25499                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     25499                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        30357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            31136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29242                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          29242                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        59599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             60378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        59599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            60378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44243250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1999874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2044117250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1837172250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1837172250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44243250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3837046250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3881289500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44243250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3837046250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3881289500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.711220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.716396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.869806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.869806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.781094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.783306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.781094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.783306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56794.929397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65878.512369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65651.247752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62826.491006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62826.491006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56794.929397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64381.050857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64283.174335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56794.929397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64381.050857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64283.174335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   134783006                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              43462                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             43461                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            34358                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            33619                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           33619                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1557                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       186962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       188519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      7082240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   7132032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               7132032                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           90077500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1355250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         128919250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.614443                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11930095                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          12337.223371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   395.476277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.138166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.772415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.174098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11926880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11926880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11926880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11926880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11926880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11926880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76725250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76725250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76725250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76725250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76725250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76725250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11928043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11928043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11928043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11928043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11928043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11928043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65971.840069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65971.840069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65971.840069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65971.840069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65971.840069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65971.840069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53957750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53957750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53957750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53957750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53957750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53957750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69265.404365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69265.404365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69265.404365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69265.404365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69265.404365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69265.404365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             75876                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           497.368527                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            60698517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             76380                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            794.691241                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   497.345240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.023287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.971377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.971423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     39571257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        39571257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     21126467                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       21126467                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     60697724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         60697724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     60697724                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        60697724                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       126495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        126495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       161632                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       161632                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       288127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         288127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       288127                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        288127                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7035895000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7035895000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10161876319                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10161876319                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17197771319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17197771319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17197771319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17197771319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     39697752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39697752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21288099                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21288099                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     60985851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     60985851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     60985851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     60985851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007593                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007593                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55621.921815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55621.921815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62870.448420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62870.448420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59688.162925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59688.162925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59688.162925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59688.162925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       605261                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5715                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   105.907437                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        34358                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             34358                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        83815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        83815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       128013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       128013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       211828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       211828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        42680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        33619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        33619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        76299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        76299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        76299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        76299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2514397750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2514397750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2250569250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2250569250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4764967000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4764967000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4764967000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4764967000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001579                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001579                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58912.787020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58912.787020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66943.372795                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66943.372795                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62451.237893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62451.237893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62451.237893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62451.237893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
