
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.125215                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                125215205000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               125216916000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  25672                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    25672                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8369043                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750468                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14961.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   384092359                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     384092359                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        58816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       526976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               585792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        58816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           58816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        40960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total             40960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          919                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         8234                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  9153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks             640                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                  640                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       469719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      4208562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 4678282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       469719                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             469719                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            327117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 327117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            327117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       469719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      4208562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                5005399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          9153                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                          640                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           9793                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       585792                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                     40960                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 585792                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                  40960                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       16                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   406                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   527                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   396                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   464                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   725                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   600                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   814                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   860                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   583                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   541                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  577                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  547                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  506                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  569                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  605                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  417                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     4                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    57                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   204                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   113                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                    12                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                    15                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   16                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   39                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   73                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                   85                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    125214962500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    9153                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                    640                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      4035                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          485                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1280.395876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     260.668522                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2552.353840                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            201     41.44%     41.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           57     11.75%     53.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           26      5.36%     58.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           24      4.95%     63.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           17      3.51%     67.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385            9      1.86%     68.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           10      2.06%     70.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            9      1.86%     72.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            4      0.82%     73.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           11      2.27%     75.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            3      0.62%     76.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            6      1.24%     77.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            6      1.24%     78.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            4      0.82%     79.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            2      0.41%     80.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            3      0.62%     80.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            3      0.62%     81.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            1      0.21%     81.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            1      0.21%     81.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            1      0.21%     82.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            1      0.21%     82.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            1      0.21%     82.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            1      0.21%     82.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            3      0.62%     83.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            1      0.21%     83.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            2      0.41%     83.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.41%     84.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.21%     84.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            2      0.41%     84.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.21%     85.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            2      0.41%     85.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.21%     85.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.21%     85.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.21%     86.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.21%     86.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.41%     86.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.21%     87.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.21%     87.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.41%     87.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.21%     87.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.21%     88.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.21%     88.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.41%     88.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.21%     88.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.21%     89.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.21%     89.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.41%     89.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           50     10.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            485                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       81880250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 196521500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     45685000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    68956250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8961.39                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     7546.92                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21508.32                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.68                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.33                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   4.68                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.33                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         9.94                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       8821                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                       452                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   96.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  70.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     12786169.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      5005399                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               640                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6756                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6756                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        18946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         18946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       626752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     626752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 626752                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             7456500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43447000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        49534550                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     39409427                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       620379                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     34434616                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        30453572                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     88.438831                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2757889                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         5927                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            111948760                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                288                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        111949048                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            52810890                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2275                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        52813165                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            164759650                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2563                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        164762213                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            48932048                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               314                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        48932362                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                96536                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                250431361                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     49366283                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              424926468                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            49534550                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     33211461                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              74897247                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         4855147                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      121230088                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           90                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         7246                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          48932048                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        229392                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    249599726                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.702432                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.930139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        174702479     69.99%     69.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5317394      2.13%     72.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6058783      2.43%     74.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          7757157      3.11%     77.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5975801      2.39%     80.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          7338930      2.94%     82.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          5384212      2.16%     85.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5202849      2.08%     87.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         31862121     12.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    249599726                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.197797                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.696778                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         60591143                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     110460911                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          65625844                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8830482                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4091345                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      5768098                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          7437                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      422304814                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1223                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4091345                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         67092096                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        25102771                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     43886202                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          67627813                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      41799498                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      419383306                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       11304483                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      25526204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    314088437                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     590912567                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    586835028                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      4077539                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     289458501                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         24629936                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1211684                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       289822                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          86877523                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    114453117                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     54508504                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     36530249                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13683846                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          412065366                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       483055                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         400968006                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       361865                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     27748566                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     19905333                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          298                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    249599726                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.606444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.712955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     84037328     33.67%     33.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     61103458     24.48%     58.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     41404432     16.59%     74.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     27705018     11.10%     85.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     16826633      6.74%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     10112408      4.05%     96.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4156590      1.67%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2898354      1.16%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1355505      0.54%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    249599726                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          740923     24.83%     24.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           3083      0.10%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             6      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     24.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1718828     57.61%     82.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        520560     17.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        96518      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     230173215     57.40%     57.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      3979266      0.99%     58.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       643279      0.16%     58.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       181784      0.05%     58.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       150287      0.04%     58.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        35896      0.01%     58.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        38056      0.01%     58.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        31937      0.01%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    112664008     28.10%     86.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     52973760     13.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      400968006                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.601109                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             2983440                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007441                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1050066703                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    437674166                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    396542247                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      4814340                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2741614                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2336120                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      401390520                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         2464408                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     28697336                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8624117                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        81638                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       122780                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3332757                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       234870                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        39371                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4091345                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7014493                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1909853                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    416680057                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        45045                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     114453117                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     54508504                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       289814                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1452542                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         10280                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       122780                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       445553                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       181746                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       627299                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     400145453                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     111949052                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       822553                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4131636                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            164762217                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         47125763                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           52813165                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.597825                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              399220144                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             398878367                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         269350423                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         320715356                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.592765                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.839843                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     29067171                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       482757                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       612966                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    245508381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.579895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.630639                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    126408315     51.49%     51.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     61267139     24.96%     76.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14559442      5.93%     82.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4664095      1.90%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3724788      1.52%     85.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2035138      0.83%     86.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1518231      0.62%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1334953      0.54%     87.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     29996280     12.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    245508381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    387877447                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      387877447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              157004747                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             105829000                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              193109                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           45831232                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2134189                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         378099967                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2575741                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      29996280                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            632454379                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           837988207                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   91763                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  831635                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           384088968                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             384088968                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     384088968                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.652014                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.652014                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.533710                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.533710                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        565117518                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       300746473                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2451911                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1175357                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1162550                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         386219                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      1401                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7843.041654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    10256767                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      9294                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                   1103.590166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6243.540048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   415.366527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1115.117446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         65.095129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          3.922504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.762151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.050704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.136123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.957403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5174259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5174315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5089230                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5089230                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1286431                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1286431                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            56                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       6460690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6460746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           56                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6460690                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6460746                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  2398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6756                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6756                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   9154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          920                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8234                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  9154                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63851750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     91210500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       155062250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    421093750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     421093750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63851750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    512304250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        576156000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63851750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    512304250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       576156000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5175737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5176713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5089230                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5089230                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1293187                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1293187                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6468924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              6469900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6468924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             6469900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.000463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005224                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.005224                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.001415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.001415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69404.076087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61712.110961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64663.156797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62328.855832                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62328.855832                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69404.076087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62218.150352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62940.353944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69404.076087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62218.150352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62940.353944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  640                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       640                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             2398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6756                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6756                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              9154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             9154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53292250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74249500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127541750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    343414250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    343414250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53292250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    417663750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    470956000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53292250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    417663750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    470956000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.001415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.942623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.001415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57926.358696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50236.468200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53186.718098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50831.002072                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50831.002072                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57926.358696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50724.283459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51448.110116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57926.358696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50724.283459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51448.110116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  5908102423                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5176713                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5176712                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5089230                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1293187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1293187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1951                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     18027078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     18029029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        62400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    739721856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 739784256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             739784256                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        10868795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              8.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1687750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        9705418500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               652                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.446200                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            48933772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          42039.323024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      125213423750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   465.100921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    42.345279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.908400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.082706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     48930557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        48930557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     48930557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         48930557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     48930557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        48930557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1491                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1491                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95189250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95189250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95189250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95189250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95189250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95189250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     48932048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     48932048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     48932048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     48932048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     48932048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     48932048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63842.555332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63842.555332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63842.555332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63842.555332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63842.555332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63842.555332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    38.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65391250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65391250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65391250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65391250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65391250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65391250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66999.231557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66999.231557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66999.231557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66999.231557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66999.231557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66999.231557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6468667                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           333.534939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           118076220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6469002                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             18.252618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   333.525311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.009628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.651417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.651435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     71149023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        71149023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     46543056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       46543056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       190390                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       190390                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       193109                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       193109                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    117692079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        117692079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    117692079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       117692079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11641379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      11641379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4439582                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4439582                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2720                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2720                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     16080961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16080961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     16080961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16080961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 127154051250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 127154051250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  61434381587                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  61434381587                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36953250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     36953250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 188588432837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 188588432837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 188588432837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 188588432837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     82790402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     82790402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     50982638                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     50982638                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       193110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       193110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       193109                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       193109                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    133773040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    133773040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    133773040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    133773040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.140613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.140613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087080                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.087080                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014085                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014085                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10922.593556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10922.593556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13837.875184                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13837.875184                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13585.753676                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13585.753676                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11727.435496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11727.435496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11727.435496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11727.435496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       287666                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             33563                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.570926                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5089230                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5089230                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6465332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6465332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3146708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3146708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2717                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         2717                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9612040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      9612040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9612040                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      9612040                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5176047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5176047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1292874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1292874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6468921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6468921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6468921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6468921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  58643670500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58643670500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15169039998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15169039998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73812710498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  73812710498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73812710498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  73812710498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025359                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025359                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11329.818006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11329.818006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11732.806134                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11732.806134                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11410.358930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11410.358930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11410.358930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11410.358930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
