
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.056860                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56860336500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                56862047000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  36308                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36308                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8063070                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750416                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7051.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   256045201                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     256045201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      9520832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              9583104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4754624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           4754624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       148763                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                149736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           74291                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                74291                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1095175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    167442414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               168537589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1095175                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1095175                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          83619343                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               83619343                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          83619343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1095175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    167442414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              252156932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        149737                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        74291                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         224028                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      9583104                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4754624                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                9583104                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                4754624                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        1                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  9652                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  9540                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  9489                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  9244                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  9388                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  9267                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  9263                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  9306                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  9243                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  9256                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 9262                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 9396                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 9416                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 9348                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 9268                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 9398                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  4613                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  4616                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  4656                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 4609                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 4680                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 4647                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 4614                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     56860306500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  149737                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  74291                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    149198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      3226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        11080                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1289.946570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     575.449907                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1978.069220                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           1576     14.22%     14.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129          965      8.71%     22.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          322      2.91%     25.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          209      1.89%     27.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          218      1.97%     29.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          219      1.98%     31.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          589      5.32%     36.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          903      8.15%     45.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          132      1.19%     46.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           94      0.85%     47.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          144      1.30%     48.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          122      1.10%     49.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          116      1.05%     50.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          110      0.99%     51.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1205     10.88%     62.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          649      5.86%     68.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          134      1.21%     69.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          143      1.29%     70.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          103      0.93%     71.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          115      1.04%     72.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          120      1.08%     73.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          149      1.34%     75.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         1533     13.84%     89.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           41      0.37%     89.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           16      0.14%     89.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           22      0.20%     89.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            8      0.07%     89.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            8      0.07%     89.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           13      0.12%     90.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           12      0.11%     90.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           11      0.10%     90.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           12      0.11%     90.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           11      0.10%     90.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            8      0.07%     90.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            6      0.05%     90.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            9      0.08%     90.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            6      0.05%     90.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           10      0.09%     90.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            7      0.06%     90.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            2      0.02%     90.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            8      0.07%     90.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            9      0.08%     91.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            6      0.05%     91.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            5      0.05%     91.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            8      0.07%     91.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           18      0.16%     91.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            7      0.06%     91.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            3      0.03%     91.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            3      0.03%     91.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            5      0.05%     91.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            8      0.07%     91.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            3      0.03%     91.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            6      0.05%     91.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            3      0.03%     91.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            5      0.05%     91.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            7      0.06%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            4      0.04%     91.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            4      0.04%     91.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            4      0.04%     91.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            3      0.03%     91.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            3      0.03%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            2      0.02%     92.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            9      0.08%     92.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            4      0.04%     92.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            3      0.03%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            8      0.07%     92.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            5      0.05%     92.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           16      0.14%     92.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            2      0.02%     92.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            3      0.03%     92.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            5      0.05%     92.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            6      0.05%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            2      0.02%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            4      0.04%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            4      0.04%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            6      0.05%     92.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            3      0.03%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            1      0.01%     92.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            2      0.02%     92.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            5      0.05%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            3      0.03%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.03%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            2      0.02%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.02%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.02%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.02%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            3      0.03%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.01%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            6      0.05%     93.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.02%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.01%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            3      0.03%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            3      0.03%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.02%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            5      0.05%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            2      0.02%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.02%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.01%     93.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.01%     93.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.02%     93.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            2      0.02%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            2      0.02%     93.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            4      0.04%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            2      0.02%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            2      0.02%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.01%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            4      0.04%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.01%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.01%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.01%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            2      0.02%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            6      0.05%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            3      0.03%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            7      0.06%     93.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            5      0.05%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            5      0.05%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.02%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            5      0.05%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            4      0.04%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            3      0.03%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           11      0.10%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            2      0.02%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            3      0.03%     93.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            2      0.02%     93.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           11      0.10%     94.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           10      0.09%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          647      5.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          11080                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      126617500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                3062620000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    748680000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  2187322500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         845.60                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14607.86                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20453.46                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         168.54                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          83.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 168.54                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  83.62                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         9.75                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     143041                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     69905                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       253808.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    252156932                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               75387                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              75386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             74291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             74350                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            74350                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       373764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        373764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     14337728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   14337728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               14337728                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           409178000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          710234750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8746205                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3033757                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect         7964                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5561050                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5553754                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.868802                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2852539                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          120                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             73108303                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1472                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         73109775                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            24471192                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               752                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        24471944                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             97579495                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2224                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         97581719                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            23381800                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                98                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        23381898                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  166                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                113720673                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23412608                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              265203088                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8746205                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      8406293                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              38738773                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles           75772                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       41761890                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1481                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          23381800                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          3474                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    103975646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.550627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.561272                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         65236873     62.74%     62.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1352121      1.30%     64.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2569206      2.47%     66.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1276323      1.23%     67.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1540244      1.48%     69.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           800704      0.77%     69.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1883762      1.81%     71.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1114786      1.07%     72.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         28201627     27.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    103975646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.076910                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.332057                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         31882849                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      33299455                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          31661619                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       7071411                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles          60311                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      2858283                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           489                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      265159889                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1547                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles          60311                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         33986202                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        15028626                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       131886                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          36524766                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      18243854                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      265099277                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          16678                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      16776646                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    226152286                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     370856918                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    258222735                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    112634183                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     225720229                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           432057                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1653                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          53482701                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     73146271                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     24495554                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     11013926                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       982902                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          256474972                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3081                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         256272527                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         4937                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       429770                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       381673                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          208                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    103975646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.464736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.587669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     11728721     11.28%     11.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19333272     18.59%     29.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     24945226     23.99%     53.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     20691083     19.90%     73.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     15313870     14.73%     88.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8640714      8.31%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2844089      2.74%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       377398      0.36%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       101273      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    103975646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           28664      0.89%      0.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd           937      0.03%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt        363223     11.22%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       205438      6.34%     18.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     18.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     18.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     18.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     18.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     18.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     18.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     18.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     18.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     18.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     18.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     18.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     18.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     18.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     18.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     18.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     18.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     18.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     18.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     18.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     18.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     18.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     18.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1237499     38.21%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1402633     43.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          124      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      90346889     35.25%     35.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      5697531      2.22%     37.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     38590415     15.06%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     14551651      5.68%     58.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult      8540636      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       949097      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     73122806     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     24473375      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      256272527                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.253526                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3238394                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012637                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    461019483                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177784138                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    177144620                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    158744548                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     79128286                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79083954                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      179853214                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        79657583                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      9802142                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       134031                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          208                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4661                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        44136                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2283                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles          60311                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4375781                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        240586                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    265030953                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3004                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      73146271                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     24495554                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1646                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          39411                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         13400                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4661                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5072                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2875                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7947                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     256252314                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      73109786                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20213                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               8552900                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             97581730                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          8731769                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           24471944                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.253349                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              256238081                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             256228574                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         217958268                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         246391680                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.253140                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.884601                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       415697                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2873                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7494                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    103915335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.546207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.271719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     42139604     40.55%     40.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26342830     25.35%     65.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3442093      3.31%     69.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1833731      1.76%     70.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1659897      1.60%     72.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1125492      1.08%     73.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1804793      1.74%     75.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1769266      1.70%     77.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     23797629     22.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    103915335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    264589909                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      264589909                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               97463658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              73012240                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                1351                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            8720356                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           79058653                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         207968675                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2850486                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      23797629                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            345106425                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           530071777                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  155268                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 9745027                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           256041810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             256041810                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     256041810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.444149                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.444149                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.251497                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.251497                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        286564134                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       151546976                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          83821817                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         74338093                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         2533370                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           2703                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    141854                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8079.641656                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      322118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    150017                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.147210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               55607705500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5663.481354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    24.800415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2388.107543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          2.581149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.671196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.691343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.003027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.291517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.986284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           72                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       183564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  183636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           215106                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                215106                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        83215                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 83215                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            72                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        266779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   266851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           72                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       266779                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  266851                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 75387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74350                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               74350                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       148764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 149737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       148764                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                149737                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67548500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4590572500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4658121000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4616237750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4616237750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67548500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9206810250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       9274358750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67548500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9206810250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      9274358750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       257978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              259023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       215106                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            215106                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       157565                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            157565                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       415543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               416588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       415543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              416588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.931100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.288451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.291044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.471869                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.471869                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.931100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.357999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.359437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.931100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.357999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.359437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69422.918808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61689.635015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61789.446456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62087.932078                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62087.932078                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69422.918808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61888.697870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61937.655690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69422.918808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61888.697870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61937.655690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                74291                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     74291                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            75387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74350                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          74350                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            149737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           149737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56371500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3735595500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3791967000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3762450250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3762450250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56371500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7498045750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7554417250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56371500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7498045750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7554417250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.931100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.288451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.291044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.471869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.471869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.931100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.357999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.359437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.931100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.357999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.359437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57935.765673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50200.170667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50300.011938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50604.576328                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50604.576328                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57935.765673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50402.286507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50451.239507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57935.765673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50402.286507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50451.239507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   711010354                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             259023                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            259021                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           215106                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           157565                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          157565                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      1046190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      1048280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        66880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     40361408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  40428288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              40428288                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          530953000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1804500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         659496250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               719                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           508.765609                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            23383551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          19041.979642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   497.478281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    11.287328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.971637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.022046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23380350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        23380350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23380350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         23380350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23380350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        23380350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95057999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95057999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95057999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95057999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95057999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95057999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23381800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23381800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23381800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     23381800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23381800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     23381800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65557.240690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65557.240690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65557.240690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65557.240690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65557.240690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65557.240690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          368                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    40.888889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          405                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69323000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69323000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69323000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69323000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69323000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69323000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66337.799043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66337.799043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66337.799043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66337.799043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66337.799043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66337.799043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            415489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           131.979533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            86292097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            415621                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            207.622081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   131.936475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.043058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.257688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.257773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     62358348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        62358348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     23931099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       23931099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          798                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          798                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     86289447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         86289447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     86289447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        86289447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       944411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        944411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       518968                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       518968                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          556                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          556                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1463379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1463379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1463379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1463379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22982539500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22982539500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16292204002                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16292204002                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      7915500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      7915500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39274743502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39274743502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39274743502                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39274743502                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63302759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63302759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24450067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     24450067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1354                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1354                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     87752826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     87752826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     87752826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     87752826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.410635                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.410635                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24335.315345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24335.315345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31393.465497                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31393.465497                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14236.510791                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14236.510791                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26838.394908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26838.394908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26838.394908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26838.394908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        10994                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1107                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.931346                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       215106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            215106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       686218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       686218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       361620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       361620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          554                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          554                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1047838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1047838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1047838                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1047838                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       258193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       258193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       157348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       157348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       415541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       415541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       415541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       415541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6696058500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6696058500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5608192247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5608192247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       146500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       146500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12304250747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12304250747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12304250747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12304250747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006435                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006435                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001477                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001477                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25934.314641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25934.314641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35641.967149                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35641.967149                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        73250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        73250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29610.196700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29610.196700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29610.196700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29610.196700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
