
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.187054                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                187054194500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               187055905000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  57706                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    57706                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               12717499                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750380                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14708.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   848760841                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     848760841                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     31490624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             31553344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     15739008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          15739008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       492041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                493021                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          245922                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               245922                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       335304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    168350269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               168685573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       335304                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             335304                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          84141433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               84141433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          84141433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       335304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    168350269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              252827006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        493022                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       245922                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         738944                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     31553344                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  15739008                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               31553344                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               15739008                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        6                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 30897                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 30792                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 30865                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 30735                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 30763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 30770                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 30767                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 30810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 30747                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 30760                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                30766                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                30897                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                30916                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                30854                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                30773                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                30904                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 15368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 15407                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                15421                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                15397                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                15366                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    187054164500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  493022                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 245922                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    492451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     10689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        36326                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1300.461818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     626.489091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1937.342096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4089     11.26%     11.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3554      9.78%     21.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          518      1.43%     22.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          556      1.53%     24.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          614      1.69%     25.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          644      1.77%     27.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1817      5.00%     32.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513         3154      8.68%     41.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          460      1.27%     42.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          408      1.12%     43.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          359      0.99%     44.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          416      1.15%     45.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          387      1.07%     46.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          580      1.60%     48.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961         4287     11.80%     60.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         2630      7.24%     67.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          392      1.08%     68.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          354      0.97%     69.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          348      0.96%     70.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          348      0.96%     71.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          392      1.08%     72.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          634      1.75%     74.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         5830     16.05%     90.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          218      0.60%     90.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          104      0.29%     91.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           37      0.10%     91.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           25      0.07%     91.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           33      0.09%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            9      0.02%     91.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           14      0.04%     91.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           40      0.11%     91.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           41      0.11%     91.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           27      0.07%     91.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           10      0.03%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            9      0.02%     91.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           11      0.03%     91.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            6      0.02%     91.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           20      0.06%     91.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            8      0.02%     91.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            9      0.02%     91.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           12      0.03%     91.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           10      0.03%     91.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            6      0.02%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            9      0.02%     92.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            9      0.02%     92.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           23      0.06%     92.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           10      0.03%     92.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.01%     92.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            5      0.01%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            2      0.01%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           11      0.03%     92.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            3      0.01%     92.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            5      0.01%     92.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            5      0.01%     92.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            7      0.02%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            6      0.02%     92.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            4      0.01%     92.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            6      0.02%     92.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            4      0.01%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            3      0.01%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            5      0.01%     92.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            6      0.02%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           27      0.07%     92.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           16      0.04%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           33      0.09%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            9      0.02%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           12      0.03%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           13      0.04%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           13      0.04%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           22      0.06%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           11      0.03%     92.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           44      0.12%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            8      0.02%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            8      0.02%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            7      0.02%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865           10      0.03%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            6      0.02%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            6      0.02%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            6      0.02%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            8      0.02%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            7      0.02%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            3      0.01%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            2      0.01%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            2      0.01%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            4      0.01%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.01%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            4      0.01%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.01%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.00%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            2      0.01%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            8      0.02%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            3      0.01%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            6      0.02%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            4      0.01%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           18      0.05%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            3      0.01%     93.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           31      0.09%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            3      0.01%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            3      0.01%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            9      0.02%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            6      0.02%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            7      0.02%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            3      0.01%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            9      0.02%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            7      0.02%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            6      0.02%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            6      0.02%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            6      0.02%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            2      0.01%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041           11      0.03%     93.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            7      0.02%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           17      0.05%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            9      0.02%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            7      0.02%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            9      0.02%     93.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           10      0.03%     93.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            5      0.01%     93.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553           10      0.03%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            5      0.01%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           16      0.04%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            7      0.02%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            6      0.02%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           15      0.04%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            9      0.02%     93.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            8      0.02%     93.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           17      0.05%     93.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           21      0.06%     94.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         2164      5.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          36326                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      351373250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10026980750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2465080000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  7210527500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         712.70                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14625.34                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20338.04                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         168.69                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          84.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 168.69                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  84.14                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.30                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     471102                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    231504                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       253137.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    252826664                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              247022                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             247020                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            245922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            246000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           246000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side      1231964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                       1231964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     47292288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   47292288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               47292288                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1353160000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2338700750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        28923678                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     10001554                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        13836                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     18375763                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        18371554                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.977095                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         9452873                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          108                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            242285280                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               4520                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        242289800                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            81104598                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2255                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        81106853                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            323389878                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               6775                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        323396653                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            77422925                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               104                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        77423029                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  503                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                374108389                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     77466273                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              878510321                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            28923678                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     27824427                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             128308243                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          172376                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      136359540                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1557                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          77422925                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          7669                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    342274929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.566680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.566887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        213966686     62.51%     62.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4473946      1.31%     63.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          8511354      2.49%     66.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4221254      1.23%     67.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5092907      1.49%     69.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          2643315      0.77%     69.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6235956      1.82%     71.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3690122      1.08%     72.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         93439389     27.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    342274929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.077314                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.348278                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        105517733                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     108323446                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         105100091                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      23194925                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         138733                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      9465919                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           482                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      878415429                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1547                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         138733                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        112424289                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        48248109                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       369400                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         121055285                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      60039112                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      878272749                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          67196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      55226837                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    749288213                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1228644089                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    855167086                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    373477003                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     748287888                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          1000325                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         5805                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         3720                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         176289685                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    242366530                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     81156077                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     36575605                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3181847                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          849770242                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         6866                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         849350084                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        10439                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       999120                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       795114                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          104                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    342274929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.481485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.586008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     37643397     11.00%     11.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     63076920     18.43%     29.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     81894453     23.93%     53.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     68927142     20.14%     73.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     51020050     14.91%     88.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     28719204      8.39%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      9283499      2.71%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1356494      0.40%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       353770      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    342274929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           78390      0.72%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          3461      0.03%      0.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt       1336510     12.23%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       718387      6.58%     19.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     19.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     19.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     19.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     19.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     19.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     19.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     19.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     19.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     19.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     19.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     19.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     19.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     19.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     19.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     19.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     19.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     19.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     19.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     19.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     19.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4048669     37.06%     56.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       4739064     43.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          393      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     299351130     35.24%     35.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     18887681      2.22%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    127962457     15.07%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     48252111      5.68%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     28320119      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      3147027      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    242318936     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     81110227      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      849350084                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.270332                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            10924481                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1525365206                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    588418425                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    587021578                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    526544811                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    262372292                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    262232120                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      595971140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       264303032                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     32440057                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       315998                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          759                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        14597                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       109162                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1866                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         138733                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        14233329                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        739813                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    878122762                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7082                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     242366530                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     81156077                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         3717                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         117149                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         42116                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        14597                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10114                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4202                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        14316                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     849303571                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     242289807                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        46513                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              28345654                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            323396661                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         28896476                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           81106854                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.270207                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              849276133                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             849253698                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         722767222                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         817806221                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.270074                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.883788                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       944683                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         6762                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        13366                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    342136196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.563572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.274661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    137361150     40.15%     40.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     87177109     25.48%     65.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11387583      3.33%     68.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6133554      1.79%     70.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5632540      1.65%     72.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3868553      1.13%     73.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5926968      1.73%     75.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      5886900      1.72%     76.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     78761839     23.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    342136196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    877090682                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      877090682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              323097447                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             242050532                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                3127                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           28869599                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          262150420                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         689356808                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      9447851                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      78761839                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1141355642                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1756209978                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  500528                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                31833460                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           848757450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             848757450                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     848757450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.440772                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.440772                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.268747                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.268747                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        949705054                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       502224448                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         277944033                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        246496471                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         8396936                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           6255                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    485117                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8101.744407                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      781788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    493290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.584845                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5592.826060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     7.744580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2500.190718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.780064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.202985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.682718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.305199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.988982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           74                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       424503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  424577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           603590                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                603590                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       212177                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                212177                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            74                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        636680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   636754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           74                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       636680                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  636754                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                247022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246000                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              246000                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       492042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 493022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          980                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       492042                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                493022                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66956250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15056475000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15123431250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15357505500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   15357505500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66956250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30413980500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      30480936750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66956250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30413980500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     30480936750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       670545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              671599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       603590                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            603590                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       458177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            458177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1128722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1129776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1128722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1129776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.366928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.367812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.536910                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.536910                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.435928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.436389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.435928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.436389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68322.704082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61194.735045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61223.013537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62428.884146                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62428.884146                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68322.704082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61811.756923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61824.698999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68322.704082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61811.756923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61824.698999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               245922                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    245922                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           247022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         246000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            493022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           493022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55696750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12229395000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12285091750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12532403500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12532403500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55696750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24761798500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24817495250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55696750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24761798500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24817495250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.366928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.367812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.536910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.536910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.435928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.436389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.435928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.436389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56833.418367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49704.501670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49732.783922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50944.729675                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50944.729675                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56833.418367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50324.562741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50337.500659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56833.418367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50324.562741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50337.500659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   593065001                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             671599                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            671597                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           603590                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           458177                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          458177                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      2861032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      2863140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        67456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    110867840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 110935296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             110935296                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1470273000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1820750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1812950250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               727                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.824728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            77424665                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          62590.675020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   500.520119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     9.304608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.977578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.018173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77421464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        77421464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77421464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         77421464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77421464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        77421464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1461                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1461                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95936249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95936249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95936249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95936249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95936249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95936249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77422925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77422925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77422925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     77422925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77422925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     77422925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65664.783710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65664.783710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65664.783710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65664.783710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65664.783710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65664.783710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          344                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    34.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          407                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68760750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68760750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68760750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68760750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68760750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68760750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65237.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65237.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65237.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65237.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65237.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65237.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1128578                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           221.967717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           286845374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1128800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            254.115321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   221.952898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.014819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.433502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.433531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    207318283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       207318283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     79521878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       79521878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    286840161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        286840161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    286840161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       286840161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2522227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2522227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1521910                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1521910                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1544                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1544                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4044137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4044137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4044137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4044137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  69454288500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  69454288500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52553884204                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  52553884204                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21252750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     21252750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 122008172704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 122008172704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 122008172704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 122008172704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209840510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209840510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     81043788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     81043788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290884298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    290884298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290884298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    290884298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018779                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018779                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.493448                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.493448                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27536.890415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27536.890415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34531.532222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34531.532222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13764.734456                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13764.734456                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30169.149241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30169.149241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30169.149241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30169.149241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17167                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1145                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    14.993013                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       603590                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            603590                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1851000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1851000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1064417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1064417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2915417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2915417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2915417                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2915417                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       671227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       671227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       457493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       457493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1128720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1128720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1128720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1128720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  20006315000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20006315000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17946542749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17946542749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       122500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       122500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37952857749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37952857749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37952857749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37952857749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29805.587380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29805.587380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39228.016055                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39228.016055                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33624.687920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33624.687920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33624.687920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33624.687920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
